The Draft Constitution of Pacifica and Sovereign Persons
By Ghost Liberty and some others
Official Copy (Rev. b00.00.01.001.2.6)
https://pacificaplan.wordpress.com/ (auto-banned)

PREAMBLE

Government being intended for the benefit of the People, and the rightful establishment thereof being derived from their authority alone, We the Individuals and People of our several States of Pacifica, in order to form a more perfect union, secure and advance the blessings of Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence to ourselves and our descendants, establish an equitable system of Justice, promote domestic Peace and Serenity of "the People", provide for the common defense, enhance the lives and health as well as the safety of inhabitants and visitors/guests, respect privacy, protect “the People” and their propert[y]/ies from [natural] criminal transgressors [including from the abuse of power by “the State”], serve “the People” as asked and secure their pursuit of a good way of life, assist and safeguard the suppression along with deconstruction and overthrow of systems of arbitrary power as well as institutional injustice in addition to oppression/repression and tyranny, elevate the general welfare [of all of “the People”], to assist in the attainment and maintenance of an Individual's (as Citizens endowed with all benefits bestowed through this Constitution by their social compact and contract for Public Goods/Services [in terms of government {general} functions and provisions of power+restraint+duty, not industry and commerce productive enterprise through the Federal and State and territorial Departments of Goods and Services {as a separate concept}]) and all Pacifican-People's Maslow-ian needs [insofar as reasonably and humanly possible] especially by the achievement of post-scarcity, and protect the natural wealth and heritage for ourselves and our posterity, do ourselves ordain and establish this Constitution for “The United Pacifican States and Sovereign People”; We set forth to bequeath a legacy of Respect in Truth, Rights, and Justice, and establish Governance not perpetuated from Barbarism and Brutality, but rather compatible with and compliant to Compassion and Sympathy/Empathy for Persons. We the People, who ordain and establish this Constitution, intend for the rights protected and justice established by this Constitution to belong to all natural Persons, not artificial entities, institutions, organizations, or businesses, except as each Individual within them shall not be disenfranchised of their rights including but not limited to as relevant in the domains of association, property, and contract, as protected by this Constitution and the laws made in conformity therewith.

Compassion from the government requires concrete policies to ensure respect for the human condition. Public trust demands transparent evidence and open dialogue of the People with their Public Servants. Apologies for the misdeeds of government in the past must be followed by substantive reforms in the present. The government formed by this constitution must take the grievances of the past as declared by our own struggles for independence and erect a firewall around their own [Public] Administration to protect the people from abuse by any usurper or petty despot.

The authority of the Organic Law in the Declarations of Independence of both 1776CE and Pacifica recognize/s that governments are instituted to secure the rights of People, and derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, through the Constitution.

Therefore, as all power of governance is inherent in the People, we the People of Pacifica declare that all [People] are equal in rights and when they desire may then form [a] social compact/[s], within their just powers under the natural limitations in its prerogatives with respect to those inherent and unalienable rights of the People, which themselves are entirely fundamental and essential to the precept of Self-determination/Self-governance, Autonomy/Independence/Sovereignty, and intrinsic freedom from restraint imposed by another; and that all such power is inherent in the People, and all free governments are founded on their authority, and instituted for their peace, safety, and happiness; and they have at all times a right to alter, reform, or abolish the government in such manner as they may think proper.

Furthermore, it should be understood that the sole object and only legitimate end of government is to protect the Citizen in the enjoyment of Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, as well as to promote, defend, secure, enforce, and preserve natural rights and natural justice, and when the government assumes other functions this becomes unjust usurpation and oppression. The government of Pacifica should aim to maximize the positive physical and emotional experience of the People while minimizing the negative, and in like kind [the same way], shall seek at all times to promote and defend [all of] the People’s Individual prosperity, equally, respecting them as Sovereign, with an emphasis on building successful, resilient, independent, and self-sufficient communities, as well as sharing knowledge.

The government of Pacifica shall promote and defend the common people from all evils against the rights of People, Animals, and which destroys [the] environment/nature. That which detriments emancipation must be abolished and banished to the graveyard, never to be resurrected, if the spirit of liberty is to be left un-tormented for the rest of reality.

Immortal freedom of will and the manumit in Autonomy/Independence of self is the essence of sovereignty, which is understood by ourselves to be the most venerable rights of persons, and that lives eternally in the minds and through the affections of the great.

We the People of Pacifica, preferring the tumult of Liberty and dangerous freedoms over the peaceful quietude of slavish servitude, establish Pacifica as an assurance and insurance to ourselves and the generations to come, that their Independence and individual sovereignty shall be preserved forever through the will expressed in this document.

We do now and forever more until the end of all energy, space, and time, stake permanent claim in our independence, without need of license, and for that of every other age and generation, which are and shall remain free to act for themselves as individuals, as should every other who are to be accounted for.

We the People understand that we are immovable when we stand within our rights. We reserve all of our rights, with prejudice. We will not tolerate a system that discriminates between us or which subjugates us in any form whatsoever. We are united in our cause, purpose, and common destiny.

This generation of Peoples, and all who will but follow our guiding example and proceed to act accordingly in concordance to decide for theirself, declare that we shall not be subjugated under the dominion of any other, but rather desire to rule over our own selves as independent People, free of obligation or bound to anything or anyone to which we do not explicitly consent, except upon those terms in which we are all bound equally by the natural law to observe and abide, so as to subject none, and give due respect in all rights possessed by others.

We the People, now and forever more, forge an alliance to strike against arbitrary power, oppression/repression, and tyrants of all forms, as well as stake a claim in our popular sovereignty, and for our inherent right as such to form and dismiss our government/s as we see fit (so long as those institutions or their lack thereof are compliant with and secure each and every one of our individual Natural Rights as Persons, [which rights are unalienable]).

We congratulate all of those who have chosen to abide by the rule of right, and whom desire to follow the mutual path of rectitude, led together by the light of liberty.

Together we forge an allegiance to the foundational precepts and fundamental rules which govern all beings from the zeroeth principle. So long as we do not divide ourselves by class or rank, or judge eachother except by quality of character and the whole of the truth, we shall remain elevated in perpetual union.

May this great monument raised to liberty/freedom and autonomy/independence serve as a lesson to the oppressor, and an example to the oppressed. Let us set the brush fires of Liberty and sew the seeds of dissent, politically, and non-violently, as we may humanly pursue in true justice, co-existence/harmony/co-adaption with the universe and each other within or without, and our greater happiness.

Here we declare that which we have, and not which we have not. So shall it be so?

ARTICLE I

SECTION. 0.

The constitution of Pacifica represents [and is itself] a renewable or revocable social contract. This document legally binds all members of the Public Body on Pacifican territory or any State, or a serving Private contractor, in an Official/Public capacity to adhere to it in full including as to any immunities retained by the People, as well as that all private individuals shall be bound by the purpose of Law and Justice to abide by the rights therein, under the strong consensus of those ratifying it [initially and periodically], until it shall be amended or overturned by the People [who previously shall have collectively empowered it]. Any member of Government or those contracting beneath it, or those cooperating with either of them, whom violate, or cause any of the terms of this social contract to be violated, either by their or the actions of another under their direction, shall then immediately void the acting perpetrator’s lawful authority, and their corruption of the legal power derived under the contract dissolves any obligation of the Person/s or People/s to ‘the Government’ they pervert to their own despotical ends or which violates the right/s of any Person within it, for which [such] governance was meant to remain firmly-anchored underneath and bound to such contract alone, and to no other superior will than that of the People, and Citizens of Pacifica, as People of the Omni-verse. The People of Pacifica, while not in a governmentally oriented or bound capacity, are fully reserved in, and declare their right, to reject and/or not abide by certain provisions of Pacifica’s constitution, save for those establishing and maintaining just naturalism, in maintenance of rights and justice, as essential to preserve liberty and autonomy/independence/sovereignty.

The Declaration of Pacifican Independence and Constitution of Pacifica shall lay the foundations of the legal system of Pacifica, and shall determine the limits of power of the Public Administration. The Agents and members of the Public Administration, and those contracting beneath the government [while in actual service], are intended to operate as a civil service, and shall at all times be answerable and held accountable to “the People” of Pacifica, and the Several States and Localities, along with all Territories or Forts/facilities/Installations, as Public Servants, and be obligated to follow any just and reasonable order of the People as they are humanly capable. Civil service “rules” shall NOT be used to protect ANY government employee from dismissal for malfeasance, incompetence or criminal conduct while employed by the government and no employee of the federal government may organize in any union or other collective-bargaining entity.

The Declaration of Pacifican Independence shall be recognized as organic law and enforceable before the Courts of Pacifica and the several States.

The political existence of our Great Nation is independent of recognition by the other Nation-states. Even before recognition by any other state, Pacifica and the several States which compose it has/have the right to defend its/our/their integrity and independence, to provide for its/our/their conservation and prosperity, and consequently to organize itself/theirselves as it/they/we see/s fit, to legislate upon its/their/our interests, administer its/their services, and to define the jurisdiction and competence of its/their courts. The exercise of these rights has no other limitation than the exercise of the rights of other nations/states according to international law.

Just Naturalism is the Princip/le/al/ice of “the Law” throughout Pacifica.

A Law repugnant to Natural/Human Rights is no law at all, but an edict opposed to the Precept of the Just Authority on which Civil Government is Granted its limited and narrowly defined powers, and therefore, invalid on its face, and shall be rendered being eternally Null and Void from there forward.

The Constitution of Pacifica shall be the supreme law of Pacifica, and as such, shall be directly enforceable before all Courts of Pacifica; all forms of law and all contracts between any natural or legal entities, including all branches of the Public Administration, made under the jurisdiction of Pacifica, or under its direction, shall comply with the Constitution.

It shall be the sphere of the government to perform the duties required of it by the People under the direction and guidance of this Constitution; and the government shall be vested with the power to perform them, and be limited to such performance.

The primary purpose of Government is to declare and enforce only the People’s natural rights and duties and to take none of them from us; no Individual has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws should enforce on them; and unless none are better a decider, that no Individual has a natural right to be the judge between themself and another; it is their natural duty to submit to the umpirage of an impartial third party. When the laws have declared and enforced all of this, they have fulfilled their functions; and the idea is quite unfounded that on entering into society we give up any natural right. Anything to the contrary is usurpation and a rebellion by the government against the very People who entrusted it with power, and an overturning of the rightful purpose for its existence.

The fundamental rights enshrined in this Constitution shall not exclude such other rights as may be laid down by the Legislature of Congress and the several States, as well as [natural] rights in the applicable rules of international law.

The provisions of this Constitution and of laws concerning fundamental rights shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948CEy December 10th, and, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 1967CEy. The “Universal Declaration of Human Rights” and “International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights” are binding in Pacifica, except as how may be prescribed otherwise by this Constitution or in accordance therewith.

The provisions of this Constitution and of laws concerning recognition of States shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States of 1933CEy December 26th, and, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 1967CEy. The “Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States” and “Cesidian Jurisdictional Law” are binding in Pacifica, except as how may be prescribed otherwise by this Constitution or in accordance therewith.

Pacifica shall guarantee equality of rights, privileges and duties to all the States as States; to all the Citizens of each State as Individuals, and shall see to it that no State shall enforce any law which shall trespass upon individual rights as declared to be such by this Constitution, nor shall it trespass against the same.

All power is originally inherent in and consequently derived from the People, therefore, all members of government, whether judicial, legislative or executive, are their trustees and servants; and at all times, in a legal way, are accountable/amenable to them; All members of government [including but not limited to Public officials and officers] are servants of the whole community and not of any group thereof. Members of Government shall be bound by the same laws they enact and enforce, and be civilly liable for any damage or injury they may inflict, without remission or excuse. They are subject to the same civil and criminal laws as the People, whom they enforce them upon.

The Agents and members of the Public Administration, and those contracting beneath the government [while in actual service], are intended to operate as a civil service, whom shall all at all times be answerable and held accountable as Public Servants to “the People” of Pacifica, and are obligated to follow any just and reasonable order of the People [within the scope of their branch of government and limitations on power in their office] as they are humanly capable.

Everyone shall possess the right to resist any law or order given by the Public Administration or its members and contractors beneath the government [in actual service], and those cooperating with either, if the Person/s reasonably believe the law or order to be in opposition to the will of “the People”, or that which infringes on their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees, whether natural or otherwise, and that they may furthermore refuse to co-operate with them as well for the same reason, as well as to use sufficient [including if needed, lethal] force to repel any aggression, as may seem to them to be reasonably necessary.

Every person has the right to be treated equally by the state institutions without arbitrariness and in good faith.

Every citizen shall possess the right to be given objective clarifications about the actions of the State and of other public bodies and to be informed by the government and other authorities about the management of public affairs.

All power of suspending laws or the execution of laws by any authority, without the consent of the representatives of the People in the legislature, or the People themselves [in strong consensus], is injurious to their rights, and shall not be lawfully exercised.

This System recognizes and derives its Standard of Inherent Authority stemming from the Powers of We the People, in accordance with Just Naturalism and the precept of Natural Independence of Individuals, the Existential and Creative need for Liberty/Freedom inherent in Personhood, and upon the principles of self-ownership. It implies and prescribes that the Normative Basis for all practices expressed in law are related to and based upon the rightfulness in preserving the truth/fact of self-ownership.

This political system endorses the truth that Individuals govern themself, and that ensuring protection for the rights of the individual is the highest duty for the government and the societies who form them to uphold.

This political system is based on the principles of [constitutionally restrained] social-democratic-republicanism, progressive libertarianism, pro-municipalism and bio-regional autonomy, consultation, individualism, citizenship (under which all citizens are equal in rights, privileges, immunities, and public duties), political and multi-party pluralism, the peaceful transfer of power, the separation and balance of powers, the rule of law, [mutual] non-aggression, maximizing individual liberty, absolutist respect natural and human rights as well as liberties/freedoms and Autonomy/Independence/independence of Individuals, promoting reasonable outcomes, honesty and truth, open-source governance, and transparency, moral [limitarian-distributist] economics which favor widespread ownership and meaningful participation in the Private as well as Civic and Economic lives of individuals, in addition to efficient and effective policy, which maximizes Individuality, rights, diversity of opinions and which inhibits tyranny, absconds abuse, and avoids one-size-fits-all ‘solutions’. The government of Pacifica should be informed by science, reason, and evidence. All of the foregoing is as provided in this Constitution. A major driver in the forming of policy should be the objective rationality of any decision or negotiation, and there should be provided a clear and concise explanation using an unbroken chain of logic to derive it, and be devoid of prejudice or logical fallacy so far as is humanly possible.

This political system actively supports the principles of Populism along with Meritocracy, and moral economics, with an adherence to reasonable as well as appropriate and humane empirical scientific knowledge [with a strict adherence to evolving and improving standards of ethics] and basing its decisions upon reasoned argument/s rather than non-proven/non-evidenced claims and assertions, as well as not using appeals to emotion or other logical fallacies to support or reach a conclusion, in addition to which it actively opposes Kakistocracy, Kleptocracy, Autocracy, Ochlocracy, Oligarchy, Plutocracy, Gerontocracy, Corporatocracy, Pathocracy, and Terrocracy. Individuals appointed to non-elected positions in the public body shall be chosen based on their traits such as Popular Support, Merit/Ability, Intelligence, Education/Expertise, and Compassion.

Policies shall be determined through the use of Sociocracy and 'Cybernetic-Governance', which shall extend to [reasonable as well as appropriate and humane] [human overviewed] Algorithmic Regulation, and which are based on [scientifically rigorous] evidence, which is harmonic to the freedom and quality of continuing life for Persons, Animals, Nature, and the Environment; Cybernetic-Governance in Pacifica demands that the public instrument be self-correcting, transparent and open-source as a part of the common public domain, data-informed, and a responsive system that evolves with its environment through continuous feedback loops between the government and the governed; A major factor in relevant decisions is their environment impact and interest in environmental protection as well as an emphasis on fostering a more livable environment to benefit the general biome of the planet. Insofar as humanly or technologically possible, decisions shall be accurately mapped down to a series of agreements, represented by what would essentially look like a skill_tree/decision_diagram/deliberation_matrix with multiple inputs and multiple outputs modulated/gated in connection to others by their relation of interaction, which can be made 2-Dimensional, 3/4/5/6-Dimensional, n-Dimensional, et cetera. Local agreements would be made between regional residents, preferably bio-regional; The design of this decision mapping will be for the benefit of all Citizens and likewise to the People of Pacifica; They shall be represented as pseudo-code compliant to the axiomatic expressions within python, freeBASIC, and C99/C++ extrapolation, such as including if, then, when, else, or, nor, else, et cetera. Decisions shall be represented in connection to each other by branches in the ‘mind/idea map/chart' being represented, and there may be entire recursive portions of trees, trees which loop to other parts dynamically, and parts that never re-connect and either do or do not die off, among other possibilities not listed here.

All governance algorithms, [?]except those used for specifically legal protected national defense projects in the verified interest of State security[?], must be certified by an Independent Council of Sovereign Persons as compliant with the Non-Aggression Principle and individual sovereignty before deployment. All algorithms used in public administration must be accompanied by complete, intelligible documentation. The People must retain the permanent right to audit, fork, or retire governmental algorithms through citizen referendum and initiative.

No public policy, algorithm, or interface design shall be implemented with the intent to covertly manipulate the free will of persons through behavioral conditioning or subliminal influence.

Public text shall be made available in both "Markdown" versions as well as conversions into HTML, and where possible, also offered as EPUB and other eBook formats, and additionally offered in un-formatted and reader-accesible plain-text (intended to word-wrap).

For the purpose of transparency, there shall be an opt-in a governmental newsletter/circular periodically published as well as delivered for and to all consenting Citizens, provided as a Universal Public Benefit, which shall provide for the titles and cursory information about current legislative, executive, and judicial actions, such as a docket list for the active session and background on each item.

All members of government shall be lawfully bound to perform their vested Public duties with integrity and truth/honesty. Any true objection due to conscious, and pursuit of universal natural Justice and preservation of Rights, shall be excusable if agreed upon by the people when they are determined to serve the best interests of "We the Individuals" [as Citizens] of the several States.

The international relations of Pacifica are to be governed by the principles of national independence, prevalence of human rights, self-determination of peoples, non-intervention, equality among Nations, defense of peace, peaceful solution of conflicts, repudiation of terrorism and institutionalized discrimination, cooperation among people for the progress of humanity, and fair concession of political asylum.

This government is bound to give Persons due regard, and to govern in a caring, compassionate, respectful, sympathetic, and when possible, empathetic manner, and to acknowledge the challenges and limitations of the ‘human condition’; as well as to involve and engage with the populous, not only electors, and strive to foster connection to the People of their region, and to become personally involved with the Citizens in communities of their electing locality, to the greatest extent in which they are humanly capable, while at the same time still maintaining all of their other duties as required of them. This government should be orchestrated in a way which creates a world where every Person can flourish and prosper, and enjoy the world as it is best: Free.

The Government of Pacifica shall operate with maximum efficiency, minimizing bureaucratic delays and ensuring that all public services are delivered promptly and effectively. All government agencies shall publish annual performance reports, detailing their efficiency, effectiveness, and alignment with constitutional goals, subject to public review and comment.

It has been thoughtfully observed and affirmed that principles, properties, and rules in law of nature, natural rights, and natural justice are essential to the very existence of a free people and a free state; In this regard, the government of Pacifica shall, at all times, be sworn to observe and be held accountable to uphold them.

This constitution guarantees an open and limited secular government (as compared and opposed to a secretive and unlimited, as well as against a/n [a]spiritually/[a]religiously motivated, one).

Articles regarding Pacifica or the States, including this Constitution, are open-source and shall be issued to Citizens at request, and a dutiful amount of time shall be given for a Person to review a manuscript of rights and laws related to an offense at their request before legal action shall proceed.

The licensing of Pacifica’s open-source nature are all of the following:
“CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0), Public Domain Dedication, non-attribution”, for all governmental information available to the public, other than hardware or software; The “CERN Open Hardware License Version 1.0” for hardware, and the “GNU General Public License version 1[.0]” for programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software for all technology developed exclusively by, or in partnership with, the government of Pacifica.

Integrityware shall be the mandated provision model employed by the Government of Pacifica for all relevant goods and services they provide, namely software, SaaS platforms, APIs, digital content, or hybrid electronic services excluding physical goods, rendered through electronic means by the sovereign nation of Pacifica, wherein Providers, defined as these Departments collectively and the individual developers beneath them, must grant Users perpetual, unrestricted, full-featured access without barriers such as licenses, timers, feature locks, DRM, subscriptions, trials, or paywalls, and shall integrate a Granular Payment Interface transparently listing all Contributors with roles, optional biographical details, and verifiable contribution proofs (e.g., version logs), enabling Users to voluntarily allocate payments directly to each Provider and individual developer via user-determined amounts, percentages, or sliders based on the User's belief of value added by each in the software, utilizing compliant processors for fee-transparent, non-pooled disbursement free from intercepts; Providers shall further publish anonymized aggregate remuneration statistics to incentivize merit without identifying non-payers; Users retain absolute rights to evaluate, share freely with attribution, and delete without payment, incurring no taxes, audits, penalties, or obligations for zero remuneration; the Pacifica Congress, shall certify compliance, qualify Integrityware receipts as direct personal income to Providers and developers without withholding, and conduct random interface audits with appeals through transparent tribunals upholding the voluntary ethos, any non-compliance constituting a violation of this Constitution; this provision shall take effect six months after ratification of this Constitution, with a six-month grace period for retrofits and exemptions for GPL-compliant open-source or non-commercial endeavors, thereby enshrining Integrityware as the economic foundation of Pacifica's governmentally promoted digital sovereignty, harmonizing individual accountability, meritocratic reward, and uncoerced exchange. Open-source projects, hardware and code, or other contributions released to the general public by the public instrument shall be bound by IntegrityWare, and all derivatives sourced directly therefrom shall benefit from the IntegrityWare contribution remuneration scheme, including paying Private developers who fork the project, hardware, code, or other contributions initially released by the government.

SECTION. 0.5.

We the People of Pacifica find and declare, that in order to ensure the liberties and necessary security of the rights of nature in we members of humankind, and to ensure consistency with respect to the fair application of natural law to all persons, who are principally bound to abide by its cornerstones, we, as with all People, are independent, and to be our own masters over our selves, as each one of us shall so desire, as each one of us is endowed by the universe with free will and Autonomy/Independence by our nature, being slaves to nobody (and at most, upon our discretion, indentured servants for a fixed number of years as we may so desire and consent), insofar as each of us commit no act of natural crime or otherwise perpetrate injustice upon another, their property, or any other rights. So long as a person commits no fundamental evil against another, they are rendered free to do with themself, their property, and all other rights, and to dispose of all these as they shall see fit, given the direct stipulation that they not interfere with the equal rights in another to do the same with their own self. Given this essential Freedom in Liberty, the ability to protect these rights with impunity must be afforded defense by law, and additionally be secured by members of Government where they are so able to benefit and safeguard the People, when they are able to do so. The natural power in a person to do as they please with themself within the limit to allow others to do the same with theirself, shall also freely permit without license or need of let by another to afford their own self-security and self-defense, resistance against injustice, rebellion against tyranny, revolution against arbitrary and/or illegitimate Government, and the Liberty to perform all needful actions and implement all necessary tools and devices to affect a sufficient [corrective]/[defensive] response to any usurpation or other natural crime/s as it may so arise from time to time. Given that these foundational precepts are fundamental to our sovereignty as Individuals, we the People of are several States, as Citizens of Pacifica, residents of the World, occupants of the Universe, and members of reality, now do establish, ordain, and enact the following provisions to be incorporated into the constitution of Pacifica, and Command our Government to abide by its authority and directives in favor of the rights of Persons.

We find and [eternally] declare that all People are endowed with Universal, Fundamental, Inherent, unalienable, absolute, and self-regulating Natural Rights, among those are the rights to Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and the freedom to lawfully and justly secure others whom mutually consent] and Self-Defense [and the freedom to lawfully and justly defend others whom mutually consent], Privacy, Property, and the Pursuit of Happiness, and that when they form a social compact, are to be equally respected in these rights, with no one Individual or group of Individuals superior in right or power to any other Individual; that all power stems from the rights inherent in the People, and that all free [civil] governments are founded upon their (the People’s) authority, and instituted for their Liberty, Peace, Safety, and Happiness; and they have at all times a right to alter, reform, or abolish the government in such manner as they may think proper.

We hold as an axiom of reason and an ordinance of Nature that all beings endowed with consciousness and will, whether of humankind or of the living world that surrounds and sustains it, are by that very endowment possessed of equal dignity before the immutable tribunal of natural justice and therefore entitled to the impartial protection of law that arises not from the decree of sovereign men but from the inherent order of the universe, wherein liberty, reason, and moral equilibrium constitute the first and highest principles of governance; and it follows that such rights, existing prior to the institution of any polity, neither owe their origin to the consent of rulers nor may be annulled by their command, since the law of nature, being ancient, impartial, and self-evident, binds both magistrate and citizen alike as do the precepts of jus naturale and the doctrines of common right, thereby ensuring that no exercise of power may stand save where it accords with the twin lights of liberty and justice conceived in harmony with moral restraint; and that the true object of civilization is not dominion but balance, wherein the liberty of one is preserved through respect for the liberty of another, and the welfare of the earth, its creatures, and its people together defines a single moral constituency of being; hence government, reason’s servant and not its master, must act only to preserve the equilibrium of rights, adjudicating conflicts not by force but by enlightened measure that accords with universal rationality and the timeless equity admired by both ancient lawgivers and the philosophers of the Enlightenment; and thus Justice, emerging as the articulation of reason within the order of freedom, becomes the natural expression of civilization itself, wherein this Constitution, in its noblest sense, operates not merely as a document of compact among men but as a living testament of humanity’s covenant with Nature and the eternal moral law that transcends all written statutes/codes/ordinances/regulations.

As all power is originally inherent in and consequentially derived from the People, which powers of themselves are extensions of their numerous and indefinite rights, therefore, all members of government, whether Judicial, Legislative, or Executive are their trustees and servants; and at all times, in a legal way are accountable to them; All members of Government [including but not limited to public officials and officers] are servants of the whole community, and not of any one group thereof, except of course for such community at large/whole;

The government is only here for the best interests of the People, and to be good stewards, not to use it to subjugate we the people or dictate to us what is in our interests in autonomy and volition along with free exercise of the numerous and indefinite [self-evident] rights.

Any Statute Erected or Judicial Ruling which is opposed [firstly] to this Constitution, [secondly to] the Roman civil law, [then thirdly] English Common Law, or [then] Contract law, and [finally of] United States American customary law, shall be null and void, and struck down immediately, with all those imprisoned underneath them released, granted amnesty, pardoned, expunged, and restituted, and left open to press their own civil suit, and to launch a criminal complaint action against their aggressor of government or its actors, or any in league with them or operating under their unjust illegitimate/[non]-authority;

Members of the public body shall be legally prohibited from acting in ways which constitute an inherent conflict of interest, including conflicts of interest for other members of the public body, such as, but not limited to, those of their colleagues, and conflicts of interest from the Private sector.

The People of Pacifica are empowered to seek Representatives of their choice demographic, and to receive alternative assignments for representatives offered to them, such as lawyers, medical personnel and psychiatric institution staff, teachers, et cetera, with such criteria for example being upon protected characteristics and rights such as being a straight white Christian male, a black lesbian Muslim cross-dresser, a native American druidic shaman with a big stick and a rebellious attitude, et cetera…

In all matters wherein justice is sought and human conduct is weighed, the inherent rights and dignities of Persons, Animals, and Nature, embracing the wider Environment as the living repository of terrestrial order and the common inheritance of posterity, shall prevail over every lesser or derivative interest, however formidable its influence or temporal authority, for no claim founded upon property, commerce, or convenience may rightfully supersede the primordial covenant between existence and its guardianship; and in those occasions where conflicting claims arise among equals or wherein diverse interests contend within the same sphere of lawful dominion, reason itself demands that equity perform its most sacred office by tempering the force of each with the balance of all, ensuring that no right be wholly extinguished nor any creature or element suffer undue deprivation at the hands of ambition; and this delicate harmony of claims stands as the very essence of natural jurisprudence, rooted alike in the Aristotelian mean, in the common law’s preference for moderation, and in the vindication of natural Rights' and Justice's universality; whereby the Constitution of humane reason must always defer first to life, to sentience, and to the sustaining order of our civilization, granting priority to those rights whose violation would imperil the moral or ecological integrity upon which society and Nature jointly depend; and thus the administration of law, seeking concord rather than conquest, shall regard property not as an inviolable idol but as a contingent trust possessed under the condition that it do no harm to living beings nor diminish the health and sanctity of the Earth, the supreme estate in which all other ownership is but temporary stewardship.

The federal government along with its territories, in addition to States and individuals, are principally bound by the rights found within Pacifica/GreenHaven(Greenway) within this constitution itself and through it as well.

The laws throughout Pacifica, its Territories, and the several States in addition to all their Localities, shall be faithfully executed in their spirit, and as is so reasonably interpretable through their letter.

The government of Pacifica is sworn to recognize, protect, and uphold all unalienable rights of the people (rights which exist by nature and not by grant of government or through exercise of political entity or orchestration of a public instrument) above and beyond the text of this Constitution or any law enacted under its authority. No officer, agent, or employee of the government shall enforce, obey, or give effect to any order, statute, or regulation that violates the unalienable rights of any person. It is the duty of all government officials to refuse compliance with, and to actively defend against, any directive contrary to such rights. Unalienable rights, for the purposes of this provision, include but are not limited to: life, liberty, property, conscience, privacy, and the peaceful pursuit of happiness, as recognized by natural law and the enduring principles of justice. This provision shall be self-executing and enforceable by any person in any court of law, and no immunity or defense shall shield any government actor from accountability for violating these duties.

The Government retains no implicit or explicit immunity from any obligation stemming from the conditions of the Social contract, nor from civil or criminal liability surrounding injuries/damages they may inflict or allow to be inflicted.

SECTION. 1.

The National Symbol/s shall be the {insert_voted_on_symbol/s}. ?Tree of Peace?/?A Grapevine?/?A road?

The National Geometric shape[s]/object[s] of Pacifica shall be the {insert_voted_on_shape[s]/object[s]}. ?Icosahedron?/?Square?/?Minds desire?

The National Color shall be the {insert_voted_on_Color_HTML_color-code&name}. ?#228b22 ForestGreen?/?Chartreuse?/?Magenta?

The National Motto of Pacifica shall be “One for all, and all for one! We are prepared in all things; Come and take them! No one will provoke us with impunity; Give us liberty, or give us death!” or “Uno para todos, todos para uno; Nosotros estamos listos para cualquier cosa; Ven y llévatelas! Nadie nos provocará impunemente; ¡Habrá libertad, o muerte segura!”.

The National Agenda of Pacifica shall be "[the People of] Pacifica first!".

The National Anthem shall be {insert_voted_on_anthem}. ?”Cygnet Committee” – by David Bowie?/?"Smells like Teen Spirit" - by Nirvana?/?"Union Sundown" - by Bob Dylan?

The National Song shall be {insert_voted_on_song}. ?”Turning Up the Radio” – by Weezer?/?"Come as you are" - by Nirvana?/?"Hell in a Bucket” - by the Grateful Dead?

The National Pride shall be [?][the][?] {insert_voted_on_pride}. ?A Quality Life of Independence, Preparedness, and Prosperity?/?Love?/?Hard work and happiness?

The National Joke shall be {insert_voted_on_joke}. ?”How do you starve a communist? Shut off their food-stamp and universal basic dividend EBT because of their social credit score!”?

The National Pastime shall be {insert_voted_on_pastime}. ?Smoking cannabis, listening to good music, and playing Halo Master Chief Collection campaign with family and friends?

The National Game shall be {insert_voted_on_game}. ?Laser-Tag?/?Paintball battle-royale?/?Pizza-hut sponsored american-football-bar street-fights?

The National Sport shall be {insert_voted_on_sport}. ?Tactical Defense Course Challenges?/?Mixed Martial Arts sparring?/?Midget tossing into a helicopter for battle?

The National Video Game shall be {insert_voted_on_video-game}. ?Half-Life 3?/?GTA6?/?Alex Jones: NWO Wars?

The National Movie [Series] shall be {insert_voted_on_movie}. ?The [Original] Matrix Quadrilogy?/?Equilibrium?/?V for Vendetta?

The National Rock/Mineral shall be {insert_voted_on_rock/mineral}. ?Quartz?/?Sapphire?/?Bio-dynamic Rock-hard Cocoa nibs fortified with Cocoa flavinol and flavinoids?

The National Bacteria shall be {insert_voted_on_organism}. ?Bacillus cereus F?

The National Animal shall be the {insert_voted_on_organism}. ?Pelican?/?Blue Heron?/?Hawkgull?

The National Fungi shall be the {insert_voted_on_organism}.
?Psilocybe Semilanceata?/?Cordyceps Militaris?/?Medusomyces gisevii?

The National Plant shall be the {insert_voted_on_organism}. ?Schizandra Berry?/?Oregon Grape?/?Wolfberry/GojiBerry?

The National Strain of Cannabis shall be {insert_voted_on_strain}. ?MasterKush?/?MatanuskaThunderfuck?/?Sour/Lemon PurpleHaze?/?Kona gold?

The National Hard Liquor shall be {insert_voted_on_liquor}. ?140-Proof GrannySmith-Apple Moonshine?/?Vodkuh or Rum?

The National Beer shall be {insert_voted_on_beer}. ?Elysium brew?/?All ways down?/?Pabst old Blue ribbon?

The National Wine shall be {insert_voted_on_wine}. ?Cabernet Sauvignon?/?Peach White lightning?/? Champagne?

The National Tea shall be {insert_voted_on_tea}. ?Lemon-Ginger-MatchaGreenTea Kombucha?/?Earl Grey?/?Raspberry Leaf with German Chamomile?

The National Juice shall be {insert_voted_on_juice}. ?Un-filtered Pomegranate?/?Pure Cranberry?/? Blackberry-Red_veined_Crab_Apple-Carrot?

The National Snack shall be {insert_voted_on_snack}. ?Double-battered Double-deepfried sautéed [fresh]-Road-killed Raccoons’ anus-on-a-stick with a side of salsa and chips and maybe a bit of sour cream or even mayonnaise?/?Herbal Matte and a Crumpet/Scone?

The National Dessert shall be {insert_voted_on_dessert}. ?Rice Pudding?/? EnglishLavender-Lemonade Sherbert?/Peppermint-dough Chocolate-Chip dark-chocolate frosting+crust cake?

English shall be the primary language of Pacifica, and Spanish shall be the secondary language, American-standard Sign Language shall be the tertiary (third) official language, and Protactile the quadrary (fourth) official language, however, Pacifica shall possess the capability to provide free translation services to the People and visitors or [lawfully-prospecting/detained-illegal] immigrants where reasonably possible.

The Decimal Metric System, Decimal Co-ordinated Universal Time, and Decimal Gregorian calendar shall be the primary standard, and the Dozenal Harmonic System, Dozenal Co-ordinated Universal Time, and Dozenal Solstice calendar shall be the secondary standard, in Weights and Measures throughout Pacifica. The standard format for dates shall be yyyyERA/mm/dd, or XXXXERAy/YYm/ZZd for un-ambiguity, with either BCE (“Before_Common_Era”) or CE (“Common_Era”) indicating era. Common time notation shall be in twenty-four hour (24h) representation.

The Balanced Ternary logic system shall be standard for all governmental digital and quantum computational-hardware, with a n-Base^n-Base=3^3=27trit=1tryte, and higher bases may be implemented on an as needed basis, but all classically binary/qubit systems shall be phased out for ternary/qutrit digital/quantum variants, because Euler’s number [~2.718] is closer to three than to two which implies n-base‑3 is the most economical integer number-base for large‑number representation in arithmetic operations. In defaults for logical assignment, "0" will equal 'known no/false/null', "1" will equal 'known yes/true/excitatory', and "-1" will equal 'un-known/abstain&inhibitory/overlap'. This shall not preclude the creation of fuzzy or probabilitalistic logic systems advancing upon ternary or dozenal systems and their [hyper]/[powered]/[expanded]-counterparts, as well as quantanized systems based thereupon.

SECTION. 2.

All Institutions on the National, State, and Local government level shall provide natural organic food that has been grown on-site or has been locally grown using either [or both] traditional methods or technologically enhanced methods, or, when local food is not available, from the nearest available source, for feeding to staff and guests, pupils in public schools, patients in public medical and psychiatric facilities, inmates in jail or prison, recipients of public food assistance, military meals, and for sale to the General public.

All government institutions or facilities shall issue, use, consume, or sell renewable/sustainable environmentally friendly green/clean/bio-compatible materials, compounds, and products “to the maximum extent possible”.

All government issued and used, consumed, or sold soaps, detergents, and other cleaning agents and supplies [except potentially for those used for bio-hazard containment purposes, or those intended for causticness], in their consistency, shall be made of renewable and sustainable organic Pacifican-made components, and the government of Pacifica shall use bio-logically derived soaps, detergents, and other cleaning agents which are renewable and sustainable as well as non-toxic, as well as use renewably and sustainably sourced non-toxic naturally based dye when appropriate.

All government issue and use, consumed, or sold cloth and textiles [except potentially for those intended for high durability or to be used as armor], including but not limited to clothing, bags, towels and cleaning rags, upholstered furnishings, window shades, carpet, tents, as well as sails and parachutes, shall be made of renewable and sustainable organic Pacifican-made fibers, including but not limited to cannabis hemp, bamboo, coconut coir, nettle, flax, lyocell, cotton, wool, or unbleached silk, as well as use renewably and sustainably sourced non-toxic naturally-based dye.

All government issue and use, consumed, or sold leathers/”hides” [except potentially for those used for survival purposes, or those intended for durability or to be used as armor, as is necessary], including but not limited to clothing, bags, and tents shall be made of renewable and sustainable organic Pacifican-made leathers/”hides”, including but not limited to cannabis and bamboo leaves as well as paper and fiber-board, mushroom skin, latex rubber and bio-logically derived rubberized polymers which are renewable and sustainable as well as non-toxic, cork and timber bark, and agave and pineapple fiber, as well as use renewably and sustainably sourced non-toxic naturally based dye.

All government agencies and departments as well as government hired contractors shall use, consume, or sell cannabis, bamboo, or other renewable and sustainable naturally based paper, and soy, beet, fruit or berry, tea (such as green, black, or rooibos), coffee, henna, soot or activated charcoal, or other renewably and sustainably sourced non-toxic naturally based ink when printing or providing printing services to units of National, State, and Local government or school districts unless the unit of government or school district determines that another type of paper or ink is required to assure high quality and reasonable pricing of the printed product.

All government institutions, facilities, or devices and vehicles/crafts shall be built using green/bio-compatible engineering and technology, and use green/clean, renewable, and sustainable energy, as well as environmentally friendly utilities or services and sustainable waste management practices, as well as implement and use on-site facilities, “to the maximum extent possible”. The stipulation to use green/clean, renewable, and sustainable energy sources, including but not limited to Cannabis-based fuel, Bamboo-based fuel, Algae-based fuel, Dielectrically-heated salt-water plasma, Hydrogen-on-demand and GEET-Pantone/Plasmatron fuel reformer systems, [Bio-compatible/Organic] Photovoltaic/Solar power (such as from Graphene panels with Organic Quantum Dots interface membrane) [whether ground-based, mobile, or outer-space], piezoelectric transducer and solar walkways and roadways, Electrically Self-Charging Graphene Battery/Harvester [for Environmental Thermal Energy] (Zihan XU; 2012CEy), Ion Power (H.Plauson {1920sCEy}; O.Jefimenko {1970sCEy}; Ion Power Group {2010sCEy}), Radiant Energy Angular-Frequency Power Extractor (J.B.Gunn {1968CEy}; SEAS-Harvard {2014CEy}), Sun-Ionosphere-Earth electric single-wire/single-conductor energy capture (N.Tesla {1890sCE-to-1947CEy; Eric Dollard {1990sCEy-to-present}; Harold Stanley Deyo {2007CEy}), vacuum-plasma/qFoam interdimensional-grounding/universal-reference potential-accumulator, and quantum noise harvesters or zero-point vacuum-energy extraction devices (Jovion [quantum vacuum energy extractor] Casimir-generator/Energy-Cell {US7379286B2; 2005CE} and the Moddel Quantum Noise Power Device {US11258379B2; 2020CE}) shall not preclude the use, consumption, or sale, of nuclear power generation facilities and devices, or their generated power, by the government, for executing their constitutionally required responsibilities, if their use would be considered appropriate for the circumstance, and they are the only feasible power source for a purpose, however, the nuclear technology and its implementation must be the [passively] safest [with redundant fail-safes] along with most stable, [most] resilient, and [most] efficient, as well as least wasteful, [least] polluting, and [least] vulnerable available, which [as of the writing of this Constitution], include but are not limited to: Molten-salt reactors, tri-structural isotropic particle pebble-fueled high-temperature gas-cooled reactors, sodium-cooled fast reactors, Fast neutron reactors, lithium-foil hydrogen-proton fusion, dense-point plasma focus fusion reactors, as well as GravitoElectroMagnetic or Lense–Thirring array warp-confined fusion, and preferably using those which sequester/consume or trans-mutate nuclear waste and any radioactive/contaminated cladding or other components; The nuclear reactors’ anticipated spent fuels must have an environmentally sound [long-term sighted] disposal plan in place for them, otherwise their operation is prohibited; Each individual reactor’s purpose and use shall be relegated for approval by the People, and every subsequent twelve years thereafter. All government vehicles/crafts shall use, consume, or sell renewable and sustainable green/clean energy sources, including but not limited to methane made from waste in a bio-decomposer, methanol made from cannabis or bamboo through bio-gasification and synthesis process, or electricity from crystal/solid-state powercell, organic-petrovoltaic, thermal, radiant or ion energy, or solar technology. The government shall prioritize the use and development of proven renewable energy technologies in all public institutions, facilities, and operations. Experimental and emerging sustainable technologies shall be phased in progressively upon demonstration of maturity, safety, and effectiveness through rigorous scientific evaluation. Robust risk assessment protocols and comprehensive rights-protecting regulatory frameworks shall be mandated for all publicly available or governmental energy technologies, with particular emphasis on nuclear power generation and waste management. Long-term and environmentally sound disposal plans must be in place prior to operation. Mechanisms for continuous technical evaluation, transparent reporting, and public engagement shall be established and maintained at each stage of energy and technology implementation to ensure accountability and informed consent. Policies shall remain adaptable to accommodate technological advancements and respect regional variations in resources, capabilities, and conditions, thereby promoting flexible and context-sensitive application of sustainable energy solutions.

All Institutions on the National, State, and Local government level shall use, consume, or sell open-source hardware, equipment, devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software “to the maximum extent possible”, and their budgets shall allow for allocations of funding to open-source hardware, equipment, and devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software projects which are considered to be of public benefit. The open-source hardware, equipment, and device designs, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software code developed for government projects shall be freely accessible to the People. Open-source hardware shall always be used unless the unit of government determines that another type of hardware is required to assure high quality and reasonable pricing of the electronic device, but manufacturing processes and other manufacturing details, schematics, detail sheets, and any other relevant associated data, will always be provided for open and free access to the People immediately, whenever they are available. Open-source software shall always be used by the government of Pacifica, and the government shall openly and freely provide documentation of all fabrication processes and other fabrication details, code, comments, and any other relevant associated data, for access to the People immediately, whenever they are available.

All conventionally wired networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a [maximally connected] decentralized mesh, and be broadly compatible with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All “single-conductor” wired networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a [maximally connected] decentralized mesh, and be broadly compatible with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All additional and future wired communications and networking established for governmental use shall be implemented through globally compatible open-standard/s. When reasonable, each wired network type shall have overlap with another in both coverage areas and have redundancy of nodes, to ensure complete coverage and operation during a partial interruption or failure of equipment. All “WiFi” wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a decentralized ad-hoc mesh, and be broadly compatible with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All “WiMAX” wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a decentralized ad-hoc mesh-capable WiMAX[-Advanced][+] that is broadly compatible with equipment as available and in general use by the People, providing VoIP and general computer network capability. All “WiGig” wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a decentralized ad-hoc mesh, and be broadly compatible with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People, providing general computer network capability. All “Cellular” wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being GSM-capable, 3GPP-compliant, international-device interoperative, as well as low-power long-range and mesh capable, along with broad compatibility with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People, providing both dedicated cellular voice calling, RCS-[force-{forward-secret}-crypt] service with legacy SMS/MMS support, and nG (number-Generation) computer network technology, including implementations of ultra-wideband variants. All LoRa-type wireless networks shall be implemented with a globally compatible open-standard (such as one based on "Weightless" with hyperscalability and guaranteed delivery as well as [end-user optional] firmware updates Over-The-Air in addition to Post-Quantum Cryptography and Anonymous_User+Anonymous_Gateway capability) and include low-power wide-area functionality connected to the Pacifican internet, interoperable with LoRa-type wireless in common use with the People of Gaia/Earth, providing free access to the public LPWAN for all the People of Pacifica, with broad compatibility with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All satellite wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being interoperable equipment from no less than two major global carriers, and additionally [as available without detrimenting government services] provide free service to all Pacificans through the Pacifican [high-throughput] satellite system, with broad compatibility with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All "BlueLink" wireless personal area networks implemented by the government shall use an open-standard, interoperable with the IEEE 802.15.1 standard and BlueTooth specifications, and feature the capability of Low-power long-Range communication, as well as of mesh functionality for decentralized multi-hop networks, with broad compatibility with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All “radiant” wireless networks established for governmental use shall be implemented through a backwards compatible open-standard, being a [maximally connected] decentralized mesh, and be broadly compatible with hardware/equipment as available and in general use by the People. All additional and future wireless communications and networking established for governmental use shall be implemented through global-service compatible open-standard/s, and have standardized open-source hardware/equipment available for purchase by the people. When reasonable, each wireless network type shall have overlap with another in both coverage area and have redundancy of nodes, to ensure cross-‘tower’ coverage and operation during a partial interruption or failure of equipment; Public networks shall retain emergency [serval] functionality whenever possible; Public networks shall not be limited solely to the characteristics and capabilities outlined above in this provision, but may have additional attributes and capacities as may be decided by the People through the process of a Citizen’s Initiative, or likewise, to have any additional characteristics/attributes and/or capabilities/capacities struck down through Referendum. All informational network systems and services will support [open-standard] [“forced”] perfect-forward-security [modified]-SSL-wrapped [stream-protected] [encrypted]-DNS-[protocol], with [encrypted]-TCP-[protocol], with [encrypted]-UDP-[protocol], and operate through random multiple cascaded VPN tunnels (like AnoNet) where applicable, or their equivalent.

All governmentally issued, used, consumed, or sold wired communication and network adapters as well as wireless receivers, transmitters, and transceivers, shall be maximally adaptable, including but not limited to being software defined, expandable, upgradable, and programmable, “to the greatest extent possible”. This also extended to analog and digital radio in addition to television tuners.

All government used, consumed, or sold compounds and products, as well as their facilities, hardware or technology, fuel/energy producing and refining/conversion installations, vehicles/crafts, roads/highways/gateways, networks, and other infrastructure built or repaired in Pacifica shall be developed and/or repaired in a sustainable fashion, as well as use green/clean/bio-compatible engineering in their design.

All public buildings shall be required to furnish blueprints complete with hydronics and electromechanical schematics, even those buildings intended with state security interests, for the benefit of the Public, for the purpose of transparency and to reveal any possible nefarious purpose to the keen eye and intellectual thinkers.

All government used, consumed, or sold compounds and products, as well as their facilities, hardware or technology, fuel/energy producing and refining/conversion installations, vehicles/crafts, roads/highways/railroads/gateways, networks and radio/electromagnetic/gravity/et_cetera trans-mitters/ceivers/receivers, and other infrastructure built or repaired in Pacifica shall consist of or be constructed with Pacifican-made materials, and be made within Pacifica, “to the maximum extent possible”, where a priority is placed on production or construction within the region local to their use, including the use of decentralized microproduction and microgrid sites. All Department of Goods and Services products shall be manufactured or sourced from materials in Pacifica, and use Pacifican Citizen workers to render them, to the maximum extent possible.

All items available for use by the members of the Pacifican governmental public body and their related contractors shall additionally be offered for sale to the People through Retail connected by the Department of Goods and Services for every level of government. This includes but is not limited to firearms and ammunition as well as destructive devices and logistics systems, vehicles/craft, energy systems, and other forms of technology.

All Pacifican Federal, State, and Local government offices, buildings and structures, campuses, parks, roads, ways and waterways, and parking/docking shall provide for free access to the internet over cellular, Wi-Fi, WiMAX, WiGig, radiant wireless, and LiFi. The system shall be interoperable with the global internet. They shall also furnish working AC power-outlets and magnetic clasp single-wire powerline-network access (for both power distribution schemes) 24/7/365.25 (year-round).

All of the Pacifican Federal public highways shall have free cellular and wireless fidelity access as well as radiant wireless service, and all street lights will have solar along with compact wind turbine power and crystal batteries to be connected together in a smart grid and call boxes periodically built into them. Each Federal public highway shall have affordable bus and rail service accessibility with internet access on their vehicles/craft and each station. All of the Pacifican federal public highways shall have free cellular and wireless fidelity as well as radiant internet access for the people. Federal highway rest stops shall accommodate for camping of transients and nomadic peoples, providing for basic amenities such as AC50Hz-120E outlet and magnetic-clasp single-wire [powerline-networked] electricity, running potable water, laundromat, convenience and general store, illuminated and stocked full-service bathrooms with showers and vending machines, storage lockers, electric bike and car power-interfaces, free international calling public telephones with SMS and MMS as well as video calling VoIP capabilities, gas station, covered picnic tables with electricity and natural gas stove kitchen, Cellular and wireless Fidelity and radiant wireless internet, camper as well as trailer and RV hookup with paid sewer and gas and fourteen day (14-day) free parking per rest stop over the course of forty-five days (45-days), and trash services. All federal highways shall accept hitch hiking and not consider any person moving themselves or their property in a straight line across the road at any angle without obstructing traffic to be jay walking or recklessly endangering another. No checkpoint shall be erected on or alongside any Federal or State highway except for those that guard high security and secret areas away from the general public. Federal highways shall have periodic wind, sun, and rain/hail/sleet/snow shelters with benches for those traveling on foot, along with water fountains running year-round and basic stocked lit bathrooms for hitchhikers and transients/nomads, in addition to free international-calling public phone booths with internet and electricity hookups for small-scale use. The federal highway internet system shall freely interconnect with state highways upon volition of their legislature or people. There shall be established a series of high-speed lanes with no limit to the velocity of a vehicle or craft traveling upon it, and these high-speed lanes shall periodically connect over to the standard federal highway. The highway shall be constructed of solar tiles with active OLET lane-indicator lights and passive retroflector guides embedded for night time driving, and all illuminated signs and emergency call boxes shall use solar and wind power and be connected into the public smart grid system. The highways shall also have a plasma-channel AC-pumped UV-laser beam flying vehicle and craft powerline-network. The highways shall allow walking alongside the road, and additionally have designated pedestrian hiking areas with food forest plantings alongside the highway. There shall be nuclear and bio-chemical attack bomb and fallout shelters periodically built underneath the highway as well as underneath rest stops. The federal and state highways shall have overhead and along-roadside OLET signs periodically placed above them to indicate road conditions, missing persons, and lane information.

All Pacifican federal and state electric systems shall have residual-current breaker-devices installed as well as GFCI outlets (where applicable), and run at 50Hz pure-sine AC cycle-rate with network-signal-injection or 30kHz pulseHVDC single-wire power-signal, with quad-band 800MHz/2.4GHz/5GHz/60GHz-carrier powerline-networking, as appropriate. All standard AC50Hz-120E outlets should be supplied AC50Hz-240E to the outlet-site, and then use a center-tapped resonant-transformer to reduce the voltage of power, in addition to providing a power line switch in order to change from 120-volt to 240-volt on the outlet. It shall be standard practice to place Helmholtz-band 5kHz-to-50kHz frequency-chokes on all grounding lines leading to the outlet, and lightning arrestor safety gaps from the power-line terminals, except in the case of magnetic-clasp singlewire-dedicated powerline-network ports. All governmentally available products shall be compliant with variable frequency power supplies between 50 hertz to 60 hertz, and 5 kilohertz to 50 kilohertz, for both AC power-line networked distribution and single-wire transceiver systems and power pathways with SinMeg, SinGig, and SinTer Mega/Giga/Tera-Hertz high-speed ultra-wideband single-wire networking [multiphase]-injection/extraction.

The federal, state, and territorial governments of Pacifica, and those/others under their direction, are prohibited from implementing hostile architecture except in secure areas for the purpose of safety and reducing the ease of trespass or evasion. Re-engineering once usable and reasonable areas to reduce foot traffic, sitting, laying, or loitering is strictly barred.

All Public projects/works are prohibited from implementing bio-cides and plant/fungus/chromista/et_cetera control to any kind to naturally/organically occurring life occurring out in nature non-invasively, even to weeds and other locally or regionally occurring free-living or symbiotic microflora and upon the general biome of the relevant terra, or upon/into/within People, or [likewise] for Animals, and other forms of Sentient Life.

The Pacifican National and State governments shall secure through policy the energy and economic independence of Pacifica, their States, and the several Territories of Pacifica, respectively. The Pacifican Federal and State governments shall provide for a strategic supply of fuel and raw material like hemp and food waste oil to refine into other fuels, distributed to federal land purchased by the Congress from consenting States; Stockpiles will be cataloged and recorded for all inputs and outputs.

All government documents, records, files, and information not directly related to state security must be declassified and made public within one year. Items of state security must be put up for periodic review every year to determine whether or not the declassification of such information still is an actual demonstrable risk to government operations.

Section. 3.

The official composition of printed copies of the constitution (including the version which is ratified, and potentially re-ratified later on by the People) and of national flags, shall be made out of Cannabis paper and Cannabis canvas fabric. There shall be no limitation on the use of such articles, including their use in whole or in part on apparel and replications manufactured by third parties. The constitution shall be encoded for digital representation and program interactions in an official manner by its proposers and then subsequently agreed or denied to acceptance by its ratifiers, in “Natural Language Processing” (“NLP”) word encoding, and this shall not impair the ‘Raw text’ encoding limit in bytes set by this Constitution;

ARTICLE II

SECTION. 0.

There shall be an age limit for all members of the Public Body, not to exceed the age of eighty-five years standard, leap-year adjusted. Typically, upon reaching the statutory age of retirement, or upon retiring, only service in positions without power or authority are acceptable, such as: librarians, school teachers, city workers like clean up staff and mental health or homelessness/unsheltered outreach, or public-network television-broadcast anchors or podcasters.

SECTION. 1.

Election Weekend is the first Saturday and Sunday after independence day and its yearly anniversaries

Federal elections shall be administered by independent, nonpartisan commissions. Attempts by any federal officer to manipulate state election procedures, to solicit falsification of vote counts, or to pressure state officials shall constitute election subversion and be punishable under constitutional law.

To be put on the ballot for election, a Person must be a Pacifican citizen meeting the age requirements set forth here or by the constitution of each State, and have signatures supporting the candidacy from one-twentieth of one percent of the population of the applicable territory, whether of their Locality, State, or Pacifica, as determined from the most recent census. Signatures must be from qualified and registered voters. Party affiliations are not to be mentioned on ballots.

To be deemed eligible for election, the qualifications of any candidate shall be reviewed, tabulated, and verified, by a vote of at least eighteen of a periodically randomly selected grand jury of twenty-four from citizens of Pacifica who are not dependent on public funds for their support, however, this shall not be a selection process, only a confirmation process.

Every candidate for public office for Pacifica, whether it is National, State, or Local, shall be required to take an advanced placement Pacifica history, an advanced placement Pacifica government exam, be qualified as a voter under Pacifica and under the State in which they reside, as well as a complete a comprehensive psychological examination and intelligence quantification test, along with a background check going back twenty years which delves into all aspects of the candidate’s public and private life as is lawful under this Constitution, with the results being released for public review. In addition, they shall be required to take a political quiz, which information collected will be available for prospecting voters to help them discover what political dimensions they correspond to, and what other candidates, issues, bills, or laws they are likely to support or oppose, with the results being released for Public review by the People.

It is prohibited to form a political party that discriminates between Citizens, whether on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition.

No Person who maintains membership in a secret society, or who takes an oath to protect themselves or another Person from due process of law, nor any Person who espouses a philosophy or [a]spirituality/[a]religion which undermines the secularity of government, the separation and scope of powers inherent to a limited government and a free People, or the rights to due process under this Constitution, shall ever be eligible for a position in the government.

No person guilty of violating the rights of another shall be offered any position of power or authority in government.

No business, firm, corporation, or other commercial entity shall be accepted in making contributions or expenditures in any election of any candidate for public office or to vote upon any ballot measure submitted to the People, so long as such restrictions are consistent with the powers of government and do not limit the freedom of speech or the press.

Campaigning and advertising for all general elections are limited to the period of twelve weeks before election day;-And for all primary elections, limited to the six weeks before the general election period.

No person may transfer election donations to that person’s personal use or to the use of any friend or relative or [non-election] associate/s, after the election for which the donation was made has been decided. All such excess monies must be returned to the donor(s).

To advance democratic self-government and political equality, and to protect the integrity of government and the electoral process, Congress and the States may regulate and set reasonable limits on all election contributions and expenditures, including a candidate’s own spending, and to authorize the establishment of political committees to publicly finance qualified candidates for office, and receive, spend, and publicly disclose the sources of those contributions and expenditures, and for other purposes. All elections shall encourage grassroots participation in the funding of campaigns. This shall not limit the right of a candidate to receive donations directly to their person, but in regards to political expenditures all campaign funds must either come from a candidate's own personal finances or that from donors to their campaign or from the federal and state non-repayable grants available to all candidates who run in an election year.

All candidates for federal office, including the Presidency, shall publicly disclose ten years of tax returns if applicable to their wealth bracket, and financial interests prior to election, and shall continue to disclose annually while in office. Failure to comply shall void eligibility to appear on the ballot.

No person holding or having held the office of President, Vice President, or any federal office of trust shall attempt to obstruct, delay, falsify, or coerce the lawful certification of electoral votes. Any attempt to subvert or intimidate electoral officials, or to summon armed force in opposition to the constitutional transfer of power, shall constitute insurrection and permanently disqualify the offender from public office.

The elections of representatives in the legislature ought to be free and frequent, and all men having sufficient evidence of permanent common interest with and attachment to the Community ought to have the right of suffrage; and no aid, charge, tax or fee can be set, rated, or levied upon the People without their own individual consent, nor can they be bound by any law to which they have not in like manner individually assented for the public good.

SECTION. 2.

Serving as Members of the public body is a privilege and an honor bestowed by the votes of the Citizens of Pacifica, not a career. Members of the public body must leave after their completed term in office and return to their common lifestyle and to the common work force as any other Pacifican citizen. There shall be no lifetime “retirement” salaries, bonuses or benefits provided, except bonuses that may be approved by the votes of the citizens for outstanding accomplishments for the common good of all.

Public office is intended to serve the interests of justice and in the quality of daily life for the People. Any law, order, or action of the government must be in line with the interests of justice, and promotion and protection of the rights of the people, and in the interest of general well-being which does not attract from any right retained by the People. When the government is repugnant to these ends it is the duty of its members to correct the wrong by deposing the others in the public body who only serve in the interest of tyranny whether as mere usurpers or despots.

Salaries of public officials shall be dependent upon the People’s satisfaction as provided by the Citizenry through the local/state/federal official/agent rating system that will be tied directly into ID_verified crypto-based internet-voting system for each citizen

All members of the public body shall receive free publicly funded access to convenient public transportation or receive publicly funded partial re-imbursements for proved cost of fuel/energy for using their personally owned vehicle craft to get to and from work.

All members of the public body shall receive publicly funded partial re-imbursements to the cost of rent for their choice in a dwelling that serves to reasonably limit their travel time to work, given the person would otherwise require a great amount more travel time to remain at their previous dwelling.

All members of the public body shall receive the same quality of free publicly funded health care which is available to all the People of each State, and not be eligible for private health care plans or services while serving the public offices of Pacifica.

No law shall introduce any quotas for any positions within any body of the Public Administration, whether based on age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition; all Persons applying for employment with the Public Administration shall be selected solely based on their merit and no other criteria shall be used; standards of all examinations conducted by any body of the Public Administration prior to offering employment shall equally apply to all Persons regardless of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition.

Being an effective countermeasure of negative conduct, quality background investigations shall be conducted of individuals applying to become, appointed, or elected members of the public body, and a record will be kept of actions and productivity by members of the public body.

All members of the public body shall be subject to periodic randomized psychoactive substance tests around every two-to-four days, and psychological evaluations at least once a month; In addition, law enforcement must take thirty-six hours of mental health crisis intervention training every three months; Law enforcement as well as Members of the military and State militia must also take thirty-two hours of de-escalation and thirty-six hours of anger management classes every three months, in time of actual service. All members of the public body employed in a position of authority or power shall be taught the ethical perspective for every training topic as well as take State-of-the-Art ethical dilemma and behavior simulation training. All members of Law enforcement as well as Members of the military and State militia must partake in specialized training for response deployment in various fields in which they operate through, and standardized equipment should be decided and deployed to responding agents and officers. The legislature may define penalties for failure to participate and engage in any of these stipulations, and to penalize use of psychoactive substances detected by results of a positive psychoactive substance test of a member of the public body.

No elected or appointed government official may accept a campaign contribution while in office.

Establish a procedure for the removal of any government official by a majority vote of their constituents, with such a vote REQUIRED to be held if twenty percent of the electorate in the last election asks for it.

SECTION. 3.

Except in an emergency in which recording is impossible, all legislative, judicial, and administrative proceedings, other than trial jury and grand jury meetings, shall be recorded with current State-of-the-Art audio and video (A/V) technologies, archived, and released as Congress, for Federal proceedings, or a State legislature, for State proceedings, or a court of competent jurisdiction, shall direct. Persons present in a legislative conference or court shall not be barred from recording the proceedings except to forbid them from disclosing the members of the jury before the trial is concluded.

Except in an emergency where such publishing is impossible, all legislation drafted and set for a vote by either the Congress of Pacifica or legislatures of the several States Shelby openly documented and published in an internet accessible means, with physical copies available from the library of Congress at cost of production to individuals who seek non-digital versions. All legislation shall be tracked on an open public system that is internet accessible and shows the authors, contributors, sources, and the names of the persons who vote yay or nay on any stage of passage. All court records shall be published openly and public in a similar manner.

All information shall be automatically declassified within 365 days unless proven, by a Citizen’s Independent Tribunal, to directly risk immediate physical harm to the population if revealed sooner.

ARTICLE III

SECTION. 1.

All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of Pacifica, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives, that shall be responsible for evaluating any potential changes to legislation and submitting independent analysis on whether proposed alterations are in keeping with the standards and laws set forth herein, and in the People through national popular initiatives. The People, through initiative, shall have all lawmaking and budgetary powers granted to Congress under this Constitution; In force of law and in susceptibility to review, including invalidation, by the Judiciary, initiative enactments shall be afforded an equal status to Congressional enactments. Congress shall provide secure, verifiable means for citizens to participate in legislation drafted by the representatives, as well as to propose and vote directly on legislation and bills, subject to constitutional limits and judicial review. In addition to the people's power of initiative, shall be their right of referendum in Congress.

No proposed initiative shall appear on a national ballot without certification by Congress, who shall specify the means for certification and for conducting a vote, by uniform rule. Except as this provision otherwise provides, no initiative shall be certified without its drafters or their representatives having gathered supporting signatures from electors exceeding in number 1.111111111111 percent of the electorate from the most recent presidential election. But Congress may neither require signatures in excess of 5.555555555555 percent of such national electorate nor condition certification upon geographic apportionment of signatories, nor abridging or denying just authority bound political decisions by the People, which otherwise meet the baseline signatory requirements here and are cast by Citizens of Pacifica. Initiative drafters or their representatives shall make a public notice of a proposed initiative, and upon certification, a second public notice.

If certified, initiatives shall be put to a vote in every second year, on the same day as members of Congress are chosen, and on ballots in every State or jurisdiction choosing said members. The People enact an initiative into law when the number of votes in the affirmative outnumbers the number of votes in the negative, these options being the only two afforded.

Declarations of war shall not be made by initiative. The President may submit a treaty for ratification by initiative, the certification signature requirements in this article notwithstanding, but for ratification, the number of votes in the affirmative must account for at least two-thirds of the total votes cast. Congress shall prescribe the manner by which the President submits treaties to initiative and by which such initiatives are certified.

The Congressional elections shall be comprised of every elected political faction and the seats in Congress shall be awarded with respect to the percentage of the population that voted for that faction (without ballot affiliation of their party). Members of Congress shall be rated in consideration to how their vote/s correspond/s to their constituents and the People. All members of Congress and those running or expecting to run for Congress shall make accountable predictions on the effects of legislation being voted on, with their score of accuracy in those predictions as public information made available in voter’s brochures.

No Person shall be a Senator or Representative in Congress, or hold any office, civil or military, under Pacifica, or under any State, who, having previously taken an oath, as a member of Congress, or as an officer of Pacifica, or as a member of any State legislature, or as an executive or judicial officer of any State, to support the Constitution of Pacifica, shall have engaged in insurrection or unjust rebellion against the same, or given aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. However, Congress may by a vote of four-fifths of each House, remove such disability.

No one may serve in the Federal Legislature for more than three elective (or appointive) terms or a combination of three terms in both Houses of Congress.

The Courts of Pacifica and of the several States shall never, by any decision, including indirectly, decide who shall be a member of the National or State Legislature, Executive, or Courts.

Legislative districts and voting precincts shall be determined by open/public mathematical algorithm. Each State shall appoint a non-partisan board shall determine the algorithms used.

Districts represented by members of Congress, or by members of any State legislative body, shall be compact and composed of contiguous territory. The State shall have the burden of justifying any departures from this requirement by reference to neutral criteria such as natural/bio-regional, political, or historical boundaries or demographic changes. The interest in enhancing or preserving the political power of the party in control of the State government is not such a neutral criterion.

Neither the House of Representatives nor the Senate may adopt a rule requiring a supermajority vote.

SECTION. 2.

The House of Representatives shall be composed of Members chosen every second Year by the People of the several States, they shall each be limited to one term of six years.

No Person shall be a Representative who has not attained the Age of twenty-one Years, and after the first two congresses, been twelve Years a Citizen of Pacifica, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which they shall be chosen.

Representatives shall be apportioned among each State which may be included within this Union, according to their respective Numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the whole Number of citizens and excluding the Indigenous population under Sovereign jurisdiction. The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of Pacifica, and within every subsequent Term of ten Years, in such Manner as they shall by Law direct. The number of Representatives shall not exceed one for every thirty thousand, but each State shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State#1 shall be entitled to choose three, State#2 three, State#3 three, State#4 three, State#5 three, State#6 three, State#7 three, State#8 three, State#9 three, State#10 three, State#11 three, and State#12 three.

After the first enumeration required by this Constitution, there shall be one Representative for every thirty-thousand, until the number shall amount to one-hundred, after which the proportion shall be so regulated by Congress, that there shall be not less than one-hundred Representatives, nor less than one Representative for every forty-thousand Persons, until the number of Representatives shall amount to two-hundred; after which the proportion shall be so regulated by Congress, that there shall not be less than two-hundred Representatives, nor more than one Representative for every fifty-thousand Persons.

When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies: Provided, that the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the People fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.

The House of Representatives shall choose their Speaker and other Officers; and shall have the sole Power of Impeachment. The Speaker of the House of Representatives shall be elected by a vote of at least three-fifths (3/5) of the total membership of the House.

Each member of the House of Representatives shall represent, as nearly as practicable, an equal number of people, as determined by the most recent census.

SECTION. 3.

The Senate of Pacifica shall be composed of three Senators from each State, nominated by the people thereof, and elected by the state legislature of each State respectively, for six years per term with a limit of one term; and each Senator shall have one vote; The ten States with the greatest population shall be entitled to two additional senators each, and the next fifteen most populated States one additional senator each.

When vacancies happen in the representation of any State in the Senate, the Executive Authority of such State shall issue writs of election to fill such vacancies: Provided, that the legislature of any State may empower the executive thereof to make temporary appointments until the People fill the vacancies by election as the legislature may direct.

Immediately after they shall be assembled in Consequence of the first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the Expiration of the second year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Year, and of the third Class at the Expiration of the sixth year, so that one third may be chosen every second year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such Vacancies.

No Person shall be a Senator who has not attained the Age of twenty-one Years, and after the first two congresses, been twelve Years a Citizen of Pacifica, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which they shall be chosen.

The Senate shall choose their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, in the Absence of the Vice-President, or when he or she shall exercise the Office of President of Pacifica.

The Vice-President of Pacifica can bring up matters to vote on in the senate.

The Senate shall not have power to try representatives for Impeachment, it shall instead rest within the Federal Supreme Citizen’s High Court. When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath or Affirmation. When the President of Pacifica is tried, the Chief Justice-Consulate of the Federal Supreme Citizen’s High Court shall preside; In a trial on impeachment of the Vice-President they shall not preside over the Senate; No Person shall be convicted without the Concurrence of two-thirds of the Jury Members from the Federal Supreme Citizen’s High Court present.

The President shall be prohibited from pardoning themselves. Furthermore, the Vice President shall not be permitted to preside over their own impeachment trial.

Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not extend further than to removal from Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Trust or Profit under Pacifica: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless be liable and subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Punishment, according to Law.

SECTION. 4.

The Times, Places, and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, and the place and manner of holding Elections for President, shall be prescribed in each State by the Legislature thereof and established by Pacifica Elections Commission; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of choosing Senators, in cases when a State shall neglect or refuse to make the regulations therein mentioned or shall make regulations subversive of the rights of the People to a free and equal representation in Congress agreeably to the Constitution. The commission shall receive adequate funding from Congress. It shall establish rules and regulations for uniform national elections consistent with the goal of ensuring that all eligible voters, and only eligible voters, shall be entitled to cast a vote which shall be accurately counted. The (three) commissioners shall be nominated by the president for twelve-year terms, subject to confirmation by a three-quarters vote of Pacifica Senate. Commissioners shall hold their offices during good behavior, and shall, at stated times, receive for their services, a compensation, which shall not be diminished during their continuance in office.

The Congress shall assemble at least once every day of the work week in the most sustainable manner possible, in full view of the public with every word said by every member scrupulously recorded, and using secure electronic means shall be broadcast publicly for all [of the People] to observe, until all items on the docket are resolved.

SECTION. 5.

Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business; but a smaller Number may adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide.

Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings by vote of a majority of the whole number of its members, provided that such Rules shall take effect three years following their enactment; punish its Members for disorderly Behavior; and with the Concurrence of two-thirds, expel a Member.

Each House shall keep a Journal of its Proceedings, and from time to time publish the same, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment require Secrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the Desire of one-fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.

Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for more than three days, nor to any other Place than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.

SECTION. 6.

The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their Services, to be ascertained by Law, and paid out of the Treasury of Pacifica. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony and Breach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest during their Attendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and in going to and returning from the same; and for any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place.

All terms of legislators’ compensation, including all non-monetary compensation and benefits, shall be ratified by a plurality of the voting populace represented

No Senator or Representative shall, during the Time for which they were elected, be appointed to any civil Office under the Authority of Pacifica, which shall have been created, or the Emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time; and no Person holding any Office under Pacifica, shall be a Member of either House during their Continuance in Office.

SECTION. 7.

The term of the budget and authorization to raise or direct funds shall run from 00:00:00 in the Federal District State on January first of a calendar year to December thirty-first 23:59:59 in that same calendar year.

In the absence of a budget passed by a majority of both chambers of the Congress and signed by the President, or, following a Veto by the President, passed again by the appropriate margins in each chamber, the government shall have no authority to raise or spend funds, nor to compel labor from any person.

The budget for any year shall be passed by a majority of both chambers of the Congress and signed by the President, or, following a Veto by the President, passed again by the appropriate margins in each chamber before 12:00:00 in the District of Olympus on November 1st of the preceding calendar year.

Citizens can elect to have any portion of their Individual proportional control of the Public funds which are under their direction, allocated to government department[s] and program[s] as they see fit/suitable, and optionally towards reducing the debt of the Nation and/or their State, if such debt exists, as they decide, without the possibility such debt absorption siphoned off for diversion to non-Individual-specified alternative “absorbing deparment[s]/program[s]”. Each department and program shall have spending caps to be determined by the Legislative branch. Once a spending cap is met for any particular department or program, the Citizen’s Individual proportional control of Public funds which are under their direction can then be allocated to one of the other departments or programs that they the Individual Citizen may have chosen. In this case, the People shall retain the right to assess, levy, and pay, their respective proportions of such requisitions, in such way and manner as to which they shall judge best. And in case any Citizen shall neglect or refuse to pay their proportion out of the fraction of Governmental Profits for which their direction was intended, pursuant to such requisition, then Congress may assess and levy such Citizen’s proportion, with an amount of eight-and-two-thirds percent (~8.333%) administered to such Citizen’s birth-state or First State Residence upon Naturalization, as prescribed in such amount for requisition. None of the budgets from any department or project are divertible without a direct vote of the People amounting to three-fifths majority or greater.

All budgets for a given year shall follow the foregoing investment scheme to secure its funds into the future:
All money allocated into the General budget shall go into the National Investment Trust, which will accrue annuities three times the initial input value, before they shall overflow into a fourth fund, and the fourth fund shall fill up until it spills over and inputs annuities into the fifth, from which such annuities generated shall flow over into the fourth; Then the fourth may be spent and replenished by annuity generation from the other four trusts on a yearly budgetary basis as directed by the Legislature or the third branch of Congress through appropriations by the People;
All other budgetary directions issued by the People shall follow the same scheme of partition and separate financialization trusts (apart from the National Investment Trust), of three to a fourth, overflowing into a fifth, before spending of the fourth and replenishment by the fifth and overflow from the prior three, to ensure future security of solvency in the trust;
Any potential access into the first three trusts shall be directed and limited by the People, according to their best preference and wisest decision; In any case where the People may hand power over to a representative to make the choice/s for them in regards to the first three trusts and accessing them for special or emergency purpose, the Congress shall call a referendum on the issue to be voted on by the People, unless in time of catastrophe or war they are unable to convene a vote of the People, then they may act in their full representative form and decide on behalf of the People's best interests.

Pacifica and each State shall provide for an internet connected budgetary drafting, commenting, and ratification system that is easy for Individuals and businesses to use for the purpose of appraising the amount of funds they control for disbursement to Pacifica’s and each State’s government, and to facilitate the transfer of those funds into the Treasury of either. The People shall be free to use alternative forms of managing the governmental budgets, and to abstain from using a specific implementation if their free conscience directs them to do so, though this shall not be construed as to absolve the manager of funds to provide payment of those said funds towards any applicable level of government within Pacifica.

If a budget is not ratified by the appropriate process by 12:00:00 in the District of Olympus on November first of the preceding calendar year, every person, program, policy, or other activity funded by government money or engaged in the raising of revenue or the dispersal of funds, shall prioritize activities that ensure that compliance with Provision two of this section shall be accomplished in an orderly fashion while minimizing harm. This prioritization of activity shall continue until a budget is ratified by the appropriate process or the term of the current budget has expired.

If a budget is not ratified by the appropriate process by 12:00:00 in the District of Olympus on January 1st of the calendar year, the following shall occur:
(a) Every person, program, policy, or other activity funded by government money or engaged in the raising of revenue or the dispersal of funds, shall cease activity. No person apart from duly elected or appointed members of the Congress, the President and Vice President, and the Justices of the Supreme Court, or the People [as may be laid down by this constitution], shall have ability to act with the authority of the Federal Government. No funds shall be spent by any officer, agency, contract agent or other organ of the Federal Government. No revenue shall be raised or collected. These restrictions shall continue until a budget is ratified by the appropriate process.
(b) All persons holding elected or appointed office in the House of Representatives or the Senate shall be sequestered to the Place in which the two Houses shall be sitting. This section shall be enforced by the militia of the Several States in a manner determined by law. These restrictions shall continue until a budget is ratified by the appropriate process.

Nothing in this Section shall prohibit the Congress from supplementing or revising the ratified budget during the year in which it is in effect in order to address unforeseen circumstances.

The Congress shall have the power to enforce this section by appropriate legislation.

SECTION. 8.

For it is surely the plunder of an Individual’s property, the fruits of their labor, and the freedom of volition to voluntarily transact as the Individual, whose rights are affected, with their non-transferable non-negotiable right to revocable fully-informed consent, [that they] may so see fit, in which the collective sucks the lifeblood of the Individual’s own [actual] productivity, for the State’s outrageous justifications for their demands, having imposed force upon a non-aggressing Sovereign person, who had [themself] committed no injustice by exercising their unalienable right to property, Taxation [in General] by Pacifica or on its behalf is hereby abolished;-And, Being that [General] taxation is the legalized plunder of the fruits of one’s labor and personal productivity, by the blood-letting of venomous leeches which suck the sustenance out of the people, and have them converted into meat to be fed to their brethren, taxation upon the General Public by Pacifica or on its behalf is hereby abolished permanently. Not only is taxation abolished by this constitution, but any act, rule, or declaration which resembles in form or function any type of taxation, not explicitly granted by the Constitution, shall furthermore be barred from exercise in power by the government.

No tax, levy, assessment, fee, duty, or other compulsory exaction shall be imposed by Pacifica, its States, Territories, or any public instrument upon any Person, their labor, property, transactions, or privileges, except as explicitly authorized herein and only to the narrowest extent necessary for expressly designated constitutional purposes. All such exactions not specifically authorized by this Charter are hereby declared repugnant to natural rights, self-ownership, and the social compact, save for the constitutionally stipulated and tailored strictly limited impositions, each capped and conditioned.

No tax shall be excessive nor without Representation, even under the pretext of tacit consent, for while tacit consent implies a tiered structure of fiscal duty, it arises not by arbitrary imposition but through the implicit reciprocity of businesses and wealthy Persons benefiting from the stability, justice, and institutional integrity of the public order that safeguards rights, ensures commerce, and furnishes economic opportunities which enable extraction and accumulation, thereby instilling upon them the civil duty to contribute proportionately as a quid pro quo for the systemic equilibrium they enjoy; such contribution supplies the common welfare without demanding direct consent for every levy, since the People possess the right to remain free from excessive or unjust taxation and from fiscal decrees not ratified through their Representative will for the public good, established through strong consensus, and though not every individual must expressly convene or vote upon each tax imposed, they remain collectively endowed to mutual benefit of society by such impositions, and the plurality of civic agreement must define what taxes are tolerable and to what degree they may be implemented, ensuring that no tax becomes absolute, total, or destructive of the self-actualization of the People as free individuals or as associations of citizens who have mutually consented to governance within the boundaries of their natural and civil rights.

The People can donate to the government and direct the funds to where they want them.

SECTION. 9.

All bills must be written by elected members of Congress, not lobbyists.

All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills. The People may draft, propose, vet, and vote on the budget.

Each bill or joint resolution shall embrace no more than one subject; The subject of a bill or joint resolution shall be clearly and descriptively expressed in the title; An appropriations bill shall not contain any general legislation or change of existing law provision, the subject of which is not germane to the subject matter of each such appropriations bill provided however, that this section shall not be construed to prohibit any provision imposing limitations upon the expenditure of funds so appropriated.

Every Bill must be given adequate time to be read, and be read fully in every word, before which it shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, and shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of Pacifica; If they are to read every word and approve they shall sign it, but if not they shall return it, with his or her Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such reconsideration two-thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two-thirds of that House, it shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten Days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to them, the Same shall be a Law, in like Manner as if they had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment prevent its Return, in which Case it shall not be a Law. Any Bill passed shall be subject to the general right of veto by the Citizens as expressed in the referendum; Any Bill vetoed by the Citizens in the referendum shall be considered void and shall not be revived.

No expenditure shall be made, or obligation incurred or committed, by or for the government or any activity under its supervision, except within appropriations enacted by Congress, which shall specify the amount and the department or activity it may support, and which shall not exceed six years.

The word “bills” shall include proposals within bills, and any proposal for raising or receiving revenues or disbursing funds, including for borrowing or lending, shall originate in the House of Representatives, and shall specify rates, amounts, objects, and purposes.

The Citizens of Pacifica must approve all proposed legislation via referendum, by no less than three-fifths majority of all participating voters on a given topic.

Every Order, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary (except on a question of Adjournment) shall be presented to the President of Pacifica; and before the Same shall take Effect, shall be approved by him or her, or being disapproved by him or her, shall be re-passed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives, according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill.

SECTION. 10.

Congress shall have power to seek [but not compel] council of qualified professionals in fields relevant to legislation they are drafting, proposing, and voting on for enactment.

Congress shall have the power to seek [but not compel] the commented referendum opinion from the people about drafted legislation before proposal for the regular process of review and potential ratification or denial based upon the rules of procedure prescribed in this Constitution.

All federal rules, ordinances, regulations, acts, declarations, and laws, must be created and passed by Congress or the People, not by the Departments, Agencies, Commissions, Centers, or other Offices underneath them, as are provided for under this Constitution.

Congress shall have Power to Special Month/s or Season/s Designations, and designate nationally recognized days off, in manner that are appropriate to the other constitutionally assigned powers of Congress, as according to this Constitution.

Congress shall have Power to raise revenue, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of Pacifica and its citizens; but no revenue may be layed or increased without approval of two-thirds of both Houses;

For the purposes of funding the Federal government, each State shall be required to contribute a membership fee to the federal government not to exceed the equivalent to one-twelfth (1/12) of one-hundred percent (100%), equaling eight-point-three-bar percent (8.333bar%) of the assessed base value of general budget, determined by the state for such purpose. The contributions paid by the States under this provision shall be deposited into the general fund of the Federal government and shall be used solely for the operation and administration of Federal government functions as prescribed by this constitution. The contribution shall be established as a mandatory obligation of each State and shall be paid annually or as otherwise prescribed by Federal law, by consent of the States or the People through the normal process of representation in Congress assembled or Referendum and Initiative of the People. This provision shall not authorize any tax or financial imposition upon the States exceeding the specified membership contribution fee. The penalty for a state not paying the fee is that they shall not receive distributions of funds from the federal government until such fee and any remaining unpaid fees are satisfied; or, the benefit of Federal protection and Public goods/services rendered in the case of absconding, until restitution is made. Congress has the power to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation;

To establish a Department of Revenue, charged with administering the revenues of the Federal Department of Goods and Services;

To establish a Department of Finance, to serve as the fiscal policy advisory and to promote long term economic sustainability and responsible resource allocation;

To establish a Department of Goods and Services, and shall have Power to establish facilities, as well as procure resources and labor for the manufacturing and retailing of goods or services desired by the public, to pay for Federal expenditures that would had otherwise been funded on theft, otherwise known as collected taxes, and of which such Public Sector businesses shall be operated autonomously in like manner to that of a citizen-owned co-op and worker’s council [bicameral stakeholder system] where the people’s co-op house is the representative branch, and the worker council is the senatorial power, in a profit-for-the-public-good venture; but it shall not have the power to conscript the resources or labor of any person; nor shall it use tax dollars to establish or maintain itself, meaning that the ‘Public sector’ businesses established must be operated on their own revenues at their own expense, with any profits not re-invested into them placed into the general fund of Pacifica; The Treasury are encouraged to accept donations from the People, designated by the People, for the purpose of funding the Department of Goods and Services; ‘Public sector’ business shall be subject to the same laws and regulations as Private business, and neither shall hold an exclusive monopoly to operate within Pacifica. The People shall be free to petition through Initiative or Referendum to engage/produce, query/request, or cease/halt, any Operation, Action, Product, Manufacture, Method, or other Mode of Execution, in the Department of Goods and Services, as so alike shall the Legislature, if in conformity to the will of the People’s Just Authority;

Congress shall have the power to subsidize; They may grant subsidies to an organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity for exemplary practices that serve the commonwealth and benefit the welfare of the environment and the People;

Total outlays for any fiscal year shall not exceed total receipts for that fiscal year. Prior to each fiscal year, the Budget Officer shall transmit to the Congress a proposed budget for the Pacifica Government for that fiscal year in which total outlays do not exceed total receipts; A Bill to increase revenue shall not become law unless citizens approve this Bill in a referendum;

The Congress and the President shall assemble at least once each year to balance the budget and manage the finances of Pacifica;

The Legislature of Pacifica shall have the power to establish and maintain a dedicated Emergency Treasury Fund exclusively reserved for urgent, unforeseen emergencies as defined by law. This Emergency Fund shall not serve as a means to create new appropriations nor shall it replace or supplement the constitutionally authorized budgeting process, but shall remain a distinct treasury account controlled under the existing fiscal procedures. Access to the Emergency Fund shall require either a two-thirds affirmative vote of the Legislature or a formal emergency funding request made by a Commonwealth government demonstrating a narrowly defined exigent circumstance unrelated to other emergency management powers. The use of the Emergency Fund shall be strictly confined to instances of urgent necessity, ensuring accountability, transparency, and legislative oversight of all expenditures drawn from this reserve account. The Legislature shall be responsible for enacting laws that clearly delineate the criteria for emergency fund activation, procedures for fund disbursement, and rigorous safeguards against misuse, thereby protecting the Fund’s integrity and public trust. Additionally, the Legislature shall provide an annual public report detailing the status, disbursements, and remaining balances of the Emergency Fund, thereby guaranteeing ongoing accountability to the sovereign people and their respective Commonwealths. This provision acknowledges that the people remain sovereign over public finances, and the Emergency Fund serves solely as a responsive fiscal mechanism empowering both the Legislature and the Commonwealth governments to meet critical and exceptional needs in alignment with the constitutional budgetary framework found in this document;

To establish a Department of National Treasury. Publicly-owned State Banks of the several States may opt-in to serve as partial-extensions of the National treasury [with the consent of Congress and approval of the President], in that they may hold deposits of Federal government money and legal tender, distribute its money and legal tender for it as Congress shall decide by law, and freely exchange the legal tender for lawful money with all parties operating in a lawful manner with them [including the People of the Pacifica of Sovereign Persons], and vice versa, as well as fungibly in-between notes or moneys, with a one-to-one ratio of interchangeability with each-other in the case of Pacifican dollars, in accordance with this Constitution and the laws in the legislature of Congress and of their State;

Congress shall have the exclusive power to mint and issue the coinage of National Money, regulate the Value and quantity thereof, and of foreign Coin, for the purpose of keeping the average prices of Goods and Services normal and stable;

Power shall be vested Exclusively within Congress for the production and management of natural currency in Pacifica, administered to cover debts of Persons who exchange with Pacifica; Congress shall have the power to produce natural currency from the wealth of the treasury through public mints, and control the quantity of such currency; The Treasury shall be fully-reserved in Rhodium, Palladium, Platinum, Gold, Silver, Nickel, Copper, Cannabis, [Pure] Water/DiHydrogenMonoxide, Energy, Greencash (An independent re-code of Monero and Moneta Verde, merged into one, as an un-trackable and un-traceable anonymous quantum-secure digital [non-expiring] digital money which blockchain is privately minable by the General Public with delayed Proof-of-Work, designed complete with smart contract capabilities and user token/scrip forging, [anonymous] [decentralized&peer-to-peer] [encrypted] Blockchain messaging, [anonymous] [decentralized&peer-to-peer] [monetized] Blockchain [encrypted] bittorrent-based [secure-by-design] data-storage {like Filecoin and MaidSafe} with Proof-of-Storage, along with an [anonymous] [decentralized&peer-to-peer] [‘bot-resistant’] ‘Unstoppable’ Domain name Service [with the primary goal of the domains being to make cryptocurrency addresses human readable with support for linking the domain to an Inter-Planetary File System hash and an ability to multi-link addresses to resolve at a certain place, so that when an ‘Un-stoppable’ domain is entered into a browser, it will resolve an IPFS {distributed system} website], and additionally with ‘Un-stoppable’ micro-blogging and forum functions, user accounts and social media functions for wallet addresses, [decentralized&peer-to-peer] classifieds+auctions+bazaar [with webstore management tools and drop-shipping fulfillment system integration] and [de-centralized&peer-to-peer] money+commodity exchange system, NFT capability for digital identification and property deeds as well as personal records and stocks along with lottery tickets, support for Online Open-Source blockchain Referendum/Initiative Drafting and Voting [for both Public-purpose and non-governmental processes] and Civic community collaboration, a federated decentralized autonomous organization and DApp ecosystem intended for layered digital governance and international relations, as well as for backwards and forwards compatibility, using a trust-less ‘initiation ceremony’/’initial setup’, along with Social Guardians/Recovery and Abstraction of Features), and Computation Time; A set of treasury issued fully-backed representative note legal tender, a “Commonback” note which is backed equally in value at time of mintage in each of the commodities+GreenCash_cryptocurency, and a set of Single-commodity Scrip, whose face value shall be permanently fixed, shall be called Rhodiback/s, Palladiback/s, Platiback/s, Goldback/s, Silverback/s, Nickelback/s, Copperback/s, Cannaback/s, Greenback/s, and Enerback/s, Computeback/s, along with anonymous stablecoins named BitRhodium, BitPalladium, BitPlatinum, BitGold, BitSilver, BitNickel, BitCopper, BitCannabis, BitH2O, BitEnergy, BitCompute, and shall be fully-backed [permanently, non-transferable] in their respective kind of the treasury’s fully-reserved stores of commodities and cryptocurrency, with the exact values in which each representative note [are permanently backed in] being varied for mintage through yearly managed floating, and where in which their face value in dollars or fractions and multiples thereof shall be pegged to a fixed quantity of their respective commodity or cryptocurrency, where all newly minted Pacifican dollars are worth the same overall [average] equivocal value of each of the individual commodities and cryptocurrency moneys themselves [equally], and through which the face value of any one of the commodities or cryptocurrency values from the previous fiscal year are fixed to a mathematical mean which is locked-in from the beginning of the current fiscal year until its end, and to which all newly created Pacifican dollars are fixed at this value for any time they are minted within such fiscal year, and permanently pegged to this quantity of redeemable lawful money for their entire existence;

Congress shall have the power to define lawful money and legal tender only on territory for which it has exclusive jurisdiction, and State legislatures only on exclusively State territory, only within the scope and under the limitations set forth by this Constitution. Neither Congress nor the States or other Territories may make anything lawful money or legal tender that does not consist of, or is backed by Rhodium, Palladium, Platinum, Gold, Silver, Nickel, Copper, Cannabis, [Pure] Water/DiHydrogenMonoxide, Energy, Greencash, ComputeTime, or alloys or combinations of them, neither use anything but [?]bills of credit [or stablecoins backed by these credits][?] to pay its debts, nor use anything but fully-reserved representative legal tender notes or constitutionally lawful money to repay for and recover issued Bills of Credit [or their stablecoins], or accept anything but fully-reserved representative legal tender notes, lawful money, or Pacifican National Bills of Credit [or their stablecoins] for all debts, public charges, and dues;

Congress shall have the exclusive power to mint and emit National Bills of Credit in the form of negotiable promissory notes, as well as regulate the Value and quantity thereof, to provide payment for the national expenditures, which resources for the liability were not raised through the other powers granted by the People to the Federal Government; Emitted Bills of credit (which are currency, not money, or representative notes), may not exceed 8.333333333333%, in number, the gross value of notes representing the total National money supply; No bills of credit shall be issued by Pacifica, without the assent of two-thirds of the Senators and Representatives present in each House;

The minting, management, and emission, of the Pacifican National Currency, being Commodity Money, Representative note Legal Tender, and Bills of Credit fiat, shall be vested exclusively within Congress, and they shall NOT be empowered to contract with any entities external to [the several levels of] Pacifica’s or the several State’s Public government/s to perform such duties;

In recognition of the foundational principles of transparency, accountability, and economic democracy integral to the sovereign People of Pacifica, Congress (or through Just Authority, the People of Pacifica) shall be vested with the exclusive power and solemn duty to institute a comprehensive and immutable transparency framework governing the Treasury, all Publicly-owned State Banks, and any federal fiscal appropriations or expenditures, thereby ensuring financial operations are conducted with maximal openness and irreversible public scrutiny; this framework shall empower the People, their elected Representatives, and independent third-party bodies alike with inherent, constitutionally guaranteed authority to initiate, conduct, and report upon audits of all monetary and financial activities, encompassing, without limitation, the issuance, backing, and circulation of national currency, representative notes, bills of credit, allocation and utilization of federal funds, state banking transactions, and congressional spending, coupled with the establishment of a centralized digital verification system whose protocols, security features, and participatory governance mechanisms are subject to democratic approval via direct or representative vote, thereby mandating that all audits, including expenditures, deployed funds, receipts, and evidence of serviced public projects, are transparently accessible in real-time or near-real-time electronic formats to enable citizen-led oversight and participatory governance in economic justice; to this end, Congress (or 'the People', through Just Authority) shall establish or designate an autonomous Congressional Audit Authority, supplemented by a People’s Audit Commission and an Independent Auditor Council, each empowered to perform audits independently while fostering mutual corroboration through the centralized system ensuring authentication and anti-fraud measures; these institutional divisions shall operate under statutory mandates to preserve the sanctity of economic liberty, to prevent concealment or obfuscation of data by any governmental or financial entity, including State Banks and the Treasury, and to guarantee protections of privacy consistent with constitutional rights against unwarranted logging and surveillance while maintaining transparency of economic flows and public resource management, fostering a society devoted to wide and fair ownership of productive assets; moreover, Congress shall promulgate regulations requiring that all data relevant to public fiscal activity, federal and state bank transactions, and budgetary deployment be published in formats comprehensible and usable by the People for independent verification and that institutional respondents cooperate fully with audit requests across all governmental tiers without exception; the system shall also include a voter-approved mechanism to update auditing standards and verification protocols in response to evolving technological capabilities and economic needs, ensuring that the People of Pacifica retain control over the integrity of their economic governance, that financial power is distributed equitably, and that no entity wields opaque influence over monetary policy or public expenditure without the full and continuous consent and informed participation of the governed, upholding the highest ideals of constitutional governance and economic justice in service of Pacifica’s sovereign populace;

To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of Pacifica;

To regulate banks and financial institutions, public exchanges, and private insurance;

To establish uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout Pacifica;

To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among each State, and with the Native Tribes;

To establish a Department of Public Works and Internal Improvements, tasked with producing construction and infrastructure projects, such as highways, dams, ports, and interstate-networks, financed by public funds and constructed by the government for the benefit or use of the [general] public;

To establish an Independent Efficiency Commission to review and recommend reforms to government processes, regulations, and agencies, with a mandate to modernize, reform, and maximize government productivity while eliminating redundancy and reducing administrative costs without compromising constitutional protections. The money saved by this commission, funded by those government savings and not by deficit spending, shall be redistributed to the Citizens of Pacifica [except those of high income] as a dividend payment kicked back to them, as direct disbursements.

To establish a Department of Commerce, concerned with promoting economic growth. Among its tasks are gathering economic and demographic data for business and government decision-making, and helping to set industrial standards. This organization’s main purpose is to create jobs, promote economic growth, encourage sustainable development and improve standards of living for all Pacificans. The mission of the department is to “promote job creation and improved living standards for all Pacificans by creating an infrastructure that promotes economic growth, technological competitiveness, and sustainable development, and to foster, promote, and develop the foreign and domestic commerce.”;

The power of Congress to make all laws that are necessary and proper to regulate Commerce among the several States, Native Tribes, or with foreign Nations, shall not be construed to include the power to regulate or prohibit any activity that is confined within a single State regardless of its effects outside the State, whether it employs instrumentalities therefrom, or whether its regulation or prohibition is part of a comprehensive regulatory scheme; The power of Congress to regulate commerce among the several states shall be limited to the regulation of the sale, shipment, transportation, or other movement of goods, articles, or persons, either interstate or internationally; Congress may not regulate activity solely because it affects commerce among the several states; but Congress shall have power to regulate harmful emissions between one State and another, and to define and provide for punishment of offenses constituting acts of war or violent insurrection against Pacifica; The Regulation of Commerce shall not be construed as to impair any of the rights of Natural Persons, Animals, or [the] Environment/Nature; The Legislatures of the States shall have standing to file any claim alleging violation of this provision; Nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit standing that may otherwise exist for a person;

Congress shall have power to regulate artificial intelligence only to the extent necessary to secure the equal rights, liberties, and safety+security of the People, to prevent serious harm to persons, property, animals, other life, the natural environment, and the free exercise of rights, and to preserve fair, open, and accountable conditions in the public use of artificial intelligence. Congress shall not create systems of prior permission, general licensing, mandatory registration, or blanket permit requirements for lawful artificial intelligence development, publication, distribution, or use. Any regulation shall be narrow, evidence-based, and the least restrictive means consistent with the protection of fundamental rights, namely life and health, liberty+autonomy+sovereignty+independence, security,+defense, privacy, property, and the pursuit of happiness. Congress shall have power to require transparency, auditability, disclosure of material safety and operational integrity facts, open technical standards where practicable, and remedies for demonstrable harm or damage, while respecting open-source development, anonymous users and expressive conduct, pseudonymous participation, and the lawful publication of code, models, weights, and research, in accordance to this Constitution. Congress may prohibit or restrict any commercial public-facing artificial intelligence model or system, including free orpaid models released by business interests (free-to-own open-source or public-domain releases excepted), only upon lawful findings supported by evidence that the system presents a serious and unreasonable risk of substantial harm to persons, property, animals, other life, the environment, public safety, public security, or the free exercise of rights.

To establish a Department of Customs and Border Protection, charged with regulating and facilitating international trade, collecting import duties, and enforcing Pacifica regulations, including trade, customs, and immigration, as well as processing all goods, vehicles/crafts, and people entering and exiting Pacifica. The primary mission of the Department of Customs and Border Protection is to safeguard Pacifica’s borders, thereby protecting the public from dangerous People, as well as communicable diseases, and hazardous materials while enhancing the Pacifican global economic competitiveness by enabling legitimate trade and travel;

To establish a Department of Statistics, to serve as the central statistical authority on primary data collection in Pacifica, by conducting censuses and community surveys on different sectors of the Pacifican economy, such as population, housing, agriculture, fisheries, and business. It shall collect, compile, analyze, and publish statistical information on economic, social, demographic, political affairs and general affairs of the people of Pacifica;

The Pacifican Census taking must draw the district boundaries to be: Contiguous; Compact (no gerrymandering); Fair (lakes, rivers, streams, roads, mountains, county lines, school districts, all these geopolitical boundaries inform the district lines, but party lines shall not, nor shall economics); Districts to be As Equal in population across all states as humanly possible; all redistricting at any level must be done by non-partisan committees; If mandatory districting is done away with by federal law, this section applies to any states that choose to district.

To establish a Department of Standards, to fix the standard of weights, measures, languages, encryption of government classified and unclassified-but-sensitive public communication [and Private communications occurring upon the networks of the Public-Instrument], operational security manuals, to provide conversions and translations between these units and languages, and to maintain a fixed number of Atomic Clocks not to exceed one within each State and Independent Territory which is in this Union which are accessible over the several Federal communications networks including the National “Smart/Information Highway” system’s nG cellular systems and from TCP/IP national and global internet systems;

To establish Post Offices, Post Roads, Post Railroads, and Post Airports/Space-Stations; and a Postal Money Order System to meet all the demands of exchange; and a comprehensive, private, and secure messaging, communications, and virtual presence system and/or a series or number of inter-operating systems and/or techniques fit for the needs of the ever accelerating age of information, driven in primary by the Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence of the People [and their naturally un-restrained ability to ask questions, learn, think, create, and share old or new ideas of all kinds, so long as it does not come at the expense of another’s rights], with a primary focus on commonly accessible individual/user-directable and client/person-programmable social/search/automat[i]on-algorithms built on top of a federated system compatible with ActivityPub protocol, in order to optimize the acquisition of desired and relevant and/or related information; and to affix such Postal Rates and Social Media Advertisements for the same as shall be deemed necessary to maintain them for the public benefit. The Postal Office Social Media platform shall clearly and conspicuously label all accounts and content affiliated with state media, including but not limited to media from Pacifica, the United States, Saudi Arabia, and all other countries. The platform shall prohibit and permanently ban all accounts affiliated with state media from any country officially designated as a terrorist state by the government of Pacifica. This provision shall not be construed to restrict the free expression of individuals not acting as agents or representatives of state media;

[]
In further elaboration of Congress's authority to produce a social media system through the postal service, the Legislature shall have power to produce, establish, maintain, and regulate, in strict conformity with this Constitution and as a distinct public service administered through the Postal Office branch, a voluntary relationship-based social-media, correspondence, community, and communications system, hereinafter the Postal Relationship Service, which shall exist alongside, and remain operationally, logically, and administratively separate from, the general social-media, messaging, virtual-presence, and communications platform otherwise administered through the Postal Office; the Postal Office may serve as the administrative agency, secure communications carrier, technical host, authentication provider, and delivery institution for the Service, but no information, credential, correspondence, profile, recommendation, contact record, image, relationship status, review, safety report, or other record within the Postal Relationship Service shall be linked, transferred, inferred, commingled, searched, disclosed, or made available to the general Postal Office social-media service, or to any other public or private system, except upon the separate, specific, informed, affirmative, and revocable consent of the Person concerned for the particular linkage or disclosure at issue; the Service shall be guided by the maxim that it exists to deliver love on time, and its limited purpose shall be to assist Persons, without discrimination, in freely forming healthy, respectful, safe, enduring, and mutually desired relationships, friendships, households, families, mutual-support networks, communities, and correspondences, while preserving the equal liberty of every Person to remain single, private, unavailable, pseudonymous, selectively social, or otherwise self-directed; no Person shall be compelled to participate, to disclose relationship intentions, to link an account, to undergo verification beyond that which is voluntarily chosen and strictly necessary to a requested feature, to accept a recommendation or introduction, to receive communication, to reveal identity, location, body, contact information, relationship status, family aspiration, or personal history, or to remain enrolled, and no refusal, abstention, withdrawal, account deletion, severance of linkage, or exercise of privacy shall impair that Person’s access to ordinary postal delivery, public communications, any other Postal Office service, civil right, public benefit, equal protection, or right retained by the Sovereign People; participation shall require affirmative enrollment by a competent adult Person and shall provide clear, intelligible, distinct, granular, and continuously revocable consent for each material category of data collection, disclosure, profile visibility, discovery, introduction, matching preference, verification process, recommendation, communication pathway, sensitive-media setting, review function, contact disclosure, location setting, account linkage, and data-retention period; the Service may provide secure, user-controlled profiles through which a consenting Person may state, conceal, limit, revise, or remove their age, relationship goals, values, interests, boundaries, communication preferences, household preferences, family-building aspirations, friendship or community interests, accessibility needs, broad location, availability condition, and other self-selected information, and may provide search, filtering, introductions, compatibility tools, messaging, correspondence, events, community spaces, mutual-connection features, and communications through text, photographs, voice, audio, digital greeting cards, user-selectable symbols and pictographs, animated image files, short-form visual animations, video clips, and other lawful forms of expressive media; the Service may furnish an accessible library and user-creation tools for digital greeting cards appropriate to birthdays, holidays, encouragement, friendship, affection, congratulations, condolences, apologies, invitations, relationship milestones, family occasions, and other lawful personal expressions, together with user-selectable icons, pictographs, animated visual responses, photographs, sound recordings, video greetings, and short video playback, provided that each sender controls the intended recipient or audience, may withdraw unsent material, and may select whether a recipient may save, forward, download, replay, or respond to the material where technically practicable; such media tools shall not alter the ownership, privacy, likeness, consent, or expressive rights of their creators, senders, recipients, or depicted Persons, and shall support accessible alternatives including descriptive text, captions, transcripts, audio descriptions, volume controls, motion-reduction settings, autoplay disabled by default, and user-directed limitations upon animated or audiovisual playback; all communications, whether in text, image, animated image, audio, greeting-card, or video form, shall remain subject to the sender’s and recipient’s consent settings, the recipient’s right to block, mute, limit, or decline content, and the Service’s narrowly tailored procedures against unlawful exploitation, fraud, coercion, stalking, threats, or violations of the rights of another, without imposing viewpoint- or content- -based censorship upon lawful adult expression; provided always that the Person retains meaningful control over who may discover, contact, view, save, recommend, message, send media to, or otherwise interact with them; compatibility and introduction functions shall use only information voluntarily provided or separately authorized for that purpose, shall plainly disclose the principal factors materially influencing a recommendation or introduction, shall allow the Person to inspect, correct, limit, disable, export, and delete the preference information used, and shall not covertly manipulate free will, exploit emotional vulnerability, intensify compulsive use, obscure material choices, create hidden social rankings, or use personal information for a purpose not expressly consented to; all public algorithms, matching mechanisms, moderation rules, ranking systems, and technical standards used by the Service shall be documented, auditable, rights-respecting, subject to meaningful human oversight, and available for public examination in a manner that protects private participant information, and no automated system alone shall make a final finding concerning consent, age, truthfulness, dangerousness, relationship conduct, or eligibility, nor impose a final penalty, restriction, or deprivation of access without notice, meaningful human review, a reasoned decision, and a fair avenue of appeal; the Service may include a relationship-experience and safety-feedback system through which a participant may voluntarily leave a factual, good-faith, proportionate, and non-coercive positive review, commendation, caution, private personal note, or safety report concerning their own direct interpersonal experience, provided that public praise, private notes, restricted-access safety feedback, and formal reports shall remain clearly differentiated in form, audience, effect, retention, and review; no rating, review, note, allegation, report, or reputation score shall constitute proof of guilt, create a presumption of dangerousness, be used to deny a Person any constitutional right, employment, housing, public benefit, legal status, or access to ordinary postal services, nor be displayed or distributed in a manner that knowingly encourages stalking, retaliation, harassment, defamation, discrimination, extortion, or mob punishment; every Person who is the subject of a proposed public or access-restricted review shall receive timely and constitutionally sufficient notice, except where a narrowly tailored temporary confidentiality measure is necessary to avert a substantial and articulable risk of harm, and shall have a reasonable opportunity to respond, correct material error, provide context, contest malicious or demonstrably false content, request impartial human review, and appeal an adverse decision, while the identity and safety of a good-faith reporter shall be protected when disclosure would reasonably threaten that reporter or another Person; adults may voluntarily add self-images containing nudity or other sensitive content only through a distinct, affirmative, age-appropriate consent system in which the uploader represents, subject to lawful consequences for intentional fraud, that each depicted Person is an adult and has freely consented to the image’s creation, possession, and selected publication, and all such media shall be obscured by default, excluded from public indexing, general search previews, ordinary discovery thumbnails, unsolicited notifications, advertising, public recommendation systems, and unconsented model training or analytic use, and may be viewed only when an adult viewer affirmatively chooses to view that sensitive content; a viewer may, by separate profile-specific consent, authorize future viewing of sensitive content from a chosen profile, but such consent shall be revocable immediately and shall never be construed as consent to receive further images, engage in sexual communication, meet in person, make physical contact, waive any boundary, or engage in any act beyond viewing the particular media or category expressly chosen; uploaders shall designate whether content is non-explicit, partially nude, artistically nude, explicit, intimate, or otherwise sensitive, any participant may privately flag material believed to be improperly labeled or unlawfully posted, and the Service may temporarily obscure disputed media pending prompt, impartial human review, but automated detection may serve only as a limited triage tool and never as the sole ground for a final penalty or factual conclusion; material reasonably believed to depict a minor, sexual exploitation, coercion, trafficking, extortion, non-consensual intimate imagery, or a direct and credible threat shall be removed and addressed only through narrowly drawn laws and procedures consistent with due process, legitimate purpose, preservation of necessary evidence, and the natural rights of all Persons; a participant may voluntarily disclose, through separate granular consent, an email address, telephone number, mailing address, broad regional location, postal box, or preferred means of contact, but no exact residential address shall be public, searchable, recommended, displayed by default, automatically revealed through matching, retained as a general profile field, or treated as a condition of participation, and any disclosure of an exact address shall be deliberate, recipient-specific, revocable as to future platform access, accompanied by a plain warning concerning fraud, stalking, harassment, and loss of privacy, and offered only alongside safer alternatives such as in-platform messaging, postal relay, a postal box, city, region, neighborhood-level designation, or other user-selected approximation; each participant may select, revise, conceal, and limit the audience for an availability condition, including available, friendship or community only, casually browsing, actively seeking a relationship, in a relationship, traveling, away, paused, or on hiatus, and may determine separately whether the profile remains discoverable, whether new messages are prohibited or queued, whether existing correspondents receive a limited absence notice, and whether a hiatus expires automatically at a selected time or only upon affirmative return, provided that no Person shall be required to disclose the reason for a pause, the identity of a partner, an itinerary, an exact current location, a destination, or a return date; every participant may at any time pause or permanently terminate discovery, revoke standing consents, block or remove other participants, export their own information in a usable format, delete their profile, sever every linkage to the general Postal Office social-media service or any other system, and require the deletion or irreversible de-identification of information not strictly retained for a separately lawful, constitutionally valid, narrowly defined, and disclosed purpose, with clear notice of each limited category and retention period that cannot immediately be erased, as well as the purpose/intention, extent/scope of it/them; no officer, employee, contractor, algorithm, public instrument, or recipient acting through the Service shall sell, lease, barter, advertise against, profile for unrelated purposes, train upon, commercially exploit, or disclose relationship preferences, private correspondence, contact information, sensitive media, reviews, private notes, safety reports, location information, availability status, identity information, behavioral records, or other intimate information absent the specific and revocable consent of the Person concerned, except pursuant to a lawful court order issued for a legitimate, particularized purpose by a qualified judge of competent jurisdiction holding office during good behavior, supported by the constitutionally required showing, and narrowly describing the Person, information, place, and time period to be searched, seized, compelled, or disclosed; generalized surveillance, bulk collection, persistent tracking, undisclosed monitoring, fishing expeditions (inspection of large amounts of someone’s data or communications merely to see whether something damaging might turn up), backdoor access, compelled account linkage, and secret examination of the Service’s intimate records are prohibited, and no act of enrollment, verification, use, correspondence, account linkage, or consent to a limited feature shall be construed as a waiver of privacy, bodily autonomy, property, due process, freedom of association, freedom of expression, or any other natural or constitutional right retained by the People; the Service shall employ data minimization, strong encryption, secure technical design, access records available to the affected Person where compatible with a valid and narrowly limited court order, accessible interfaces, transparent moderation standards, independent audits, anonymized aggregate public reporting, prompt remedies for official or private misuse, and protections against retaliation, while preserving every Person’s right to form private alternatives, communicate outside the Service, and associate lawfully without public interference; and all rules, procedures, algorithms, contractors, technical systems, and administrative actions employed for the Service shall remain narrowly confined to this voluntary relationship-based public communications service, subject to public audit, constitutional challenge, periodic review, repeal, and continuing accountability to the Sovereign People of Pacifica, and shall never be interpreted to create authority for compelled intimacy, compelled disclosure, social-credit ranking, unlawful surveillance, punishment without due process, or infringement of the sovereignty, privacy, dignity, equal rights, and self-direction of any Person.
[]

To inaugurate and provide for a system of National Highways, Railways, Bus Terminals, Air-Ports/Space-Stations, Fuel Generation and Distribution Systems as well as Dispensing/Retail Providers/Filling-depot, Electric/Ion Capture/Generation and Vehicle/Craft Charger-Stations, Beam-to-Vehicle/Craft-Energy Transception-Stations and Satellites, and Hyper-Space [but NOT Parallel-time or Hyper-Time] Gateways, based upon the proposition that whatever involves the direct interests of the public should be in the hands and under the control of the people, for the general welfare of the people, and to that end may purchase existing highways, railways, bus terminals, air-ports/space-stations, fuel generation and distribution systems as well as dispensing/retail providers/filling-depots, electric/ion capture/generation and vehicle/craft charger-stations, beam-to-vehicle/craft-energy transception-stations and satellites, and hyper-space gateways at a price to be ascertained by law, but not greater than the same could be constructed for, or construct new ones, as the circumstances shall seem to require; and the system shall be operated either at the cost of maintenance or for the public benefit from the public funds, as the people may direct by law;

To inaugurate and provide for a system of National electronic networks, based upon the proposition that whatever involves the direct interests of the public should be in the hands and under the control of the people, for the general welfare of the people; and the system shall be operated for the public benefit from the public funds, and for limited purposes may be leased access to commercial entities at cost or for a minimal markup, as defined in this Constitution;

To establish a Communications and Public Access Network Commission, which will establish and manage public resources of [inter-state] government networks, and grant or deny commercial use contracts, upon request after review, and to lease their access to the network, at a [uniform] rate equal to their share of the construction, operation, and maintenance costs entailed in providing them service, as determined by the Congress, and at the discretion of the Legislature may be charged an additional uniform amount not exceeding 16.666bar% of the base cost, with such contracts being issued and leases granted for the conduction of regular business activities (not those activities which are subletting access to, or selling services based on core dependency to, the Public network). The Congress shall create a pulseHVDC-driven single-wire global Internet system known as EarthLink, and a satellite-based global and inner planetary UV-assisted pulseHVDC-pumped plasma-channel radiant-transmission communication system called SkyLink; the systems shall be freely accessible and interoperable with legacy equipment from the generation they are deployed on forwards;

Pacifica shall establish and maintain a National Weather Office dedicated to the prediction of weather and the issuance of warnings for severe weather events to protect life, property, and the national welfare. The National Weather Office shall: Be responsible for the collection, analysis, and dissemination of weather data; Provide timely and accurate forecasts and warnings of hazardous weather, including but not limited to hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, and other extreme events; Maintain and advance scientific research, observational infrastructure, and forecasting technology to ensure continuous improvement in weather prediction and risk communication; Coordinate with federal, state, local, tribal, and territorial authorities, as well as academic and private sector partners, to maximize the effectiveness of weather services and warnings. The National Weather Office shall operate as an independent agency under the oversight of Congress, with its leadership appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. Congress shall have the power to provide for the funding, staffing, and regulation of the National Weather Office, ensuring its capacity to fulfill its mission as an essential public safety institution. The powers and responsibilities established by this provision shall not be construed to limit or preclude additional federal, state, or local efforts to provide weather services or warnings.

To inaugurate and provide for an [optional] National “Emergency Alert System” that will be used to alert Persons within Pacifica to National emergencies. The “Emergency Alert System” will be required by law to be available for integration or accessibility on/into all commercially-sold radios, or other Commercially-sold communications devices or softwares, that which utilize wireless or wired network connections and are subsequently possible to be connected to the internet, but it shall be required that such “Emergency Alert System” will be possible for the end-use consumer to easily, and fully, in all entirety, disable within the system’s configuration/settings at their own discretion, and not to have such mechanism attempt to bypass the user’s preferences, nor have its removal from source files, if there is any, upon re-compilation, break any of the other functions of the program. This power of Congress shall not exclude the power of the States to require their own State’s “Emergency Alert System”[s] as necessary according to their laws of regulation for Commerce, for any product sold or consumed within their State, as may be prescribed by their constitution, and the Congressional system will be obligated to be capable of broadcasting State and Local alerts, where appropriate, upon request of that State, as may be ascertained by law;

To establish a National Intellectual Monopoly Office, to provide for the promotion of Product Innovation, and development of the Sciences and useful Arts; and for that purpose may secure for limited times, not to exceed a combined total of twelve years, to Authors, Designers, and Inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings, discoveries, designs, and inventions; or at their (the creator/s'[s]) discretion, to purchase the same for the general benefit of the people;

To establish a Department of Research and Development for Science, Engineering, and Technology, to organize and facilitate the governmental activities into laboratory programs that may be limited by the People, which include but are not limited to: Nano-scale research as well as science and technology development for structural materials and energy harvesting and production purposes, including research on chemicals/molecules and materials which themselves may be radioactive, as well as science and technology development surrounding the areas of quantum-computation and quantum-consciousness technology along with quantum sensors and quantum networking, and wave-structure-dynamic computing; Hardware, Programming, and Software research, as well as engineering and technology development surrounding these areas; Information, Learning, as well as Specific and General Artificial Intelligence in addition to NeuroMorphic System-on-Chip and BioComputing along with bio-machine interface research, theory, and technology development, most specifically in the area of recursively self-improving autonomous code and hardware synthesis, along with simulated consciousness and the creation of truly intelligent Androids; Vehicle/craft and robotic/drone research, as well as engineering and technology development; Exoskeletons, power armors, and human augmentation engineering and development suitable for purpose in the Armed Forces and among the People of Pacifica; Medical science including [healthy] performance enhancement, stem cells and rejuvenation therapies, life extension technology, medical devices, prosthetics, and cybernetic enhancements, so long as it does not infringe on any of the rights of Persons; Developing a unified theory of everything (with the intention of being used in Pacifican governmental physically realistic simulations within hardware and software), with the final product being named “M-Theory”, which shall stand for “Merger Theory”, being named by their dimensionhoods, compositions, and classification/s, in the logical organization of wSExTEyTzS [base_energy_composition] [medium_composition] [theory_classification] (if available), or, W[space-Energy]X[time_Energy]Y[time_Space]Z[space_Space], along with the name/s of the composition of base energy, as well as the name/s of the composition of the medium, and the name/s of the classification of the theory (if available); Electrodynamic and warpdynamic spacecraft; Non-polluting energy technology and net-zero waste recycling; Gravito-resonant space-transit and quantum teleportation;

Congress shall establish a National Institute of Future Technologies to coordinate research, set ethical standards for emerging technologies (e.g., AI, genetic engineering, gravity weapons, teleportation tubes, et cetera), and ensure alignment with the principles of individual sovereignty and mutual non-aggression.

To establish a Department of Open-Source Projects and Information, to reasonably support upon request, fund, create, manage, and maintain open-source projects and informative materials of interest for use by the government and general public, upon the discretion of the people, and maintain a public repository of open-source information;

Congress shall establish a National Innovation Fund to provide grants and incentives for research and development in transformative technologies, including but not limited to artificial intelligence, renewable energy, biotechnology, and space exploration, prioritizing open-source and public-domain outcomes where feasible.

To enact a National Archive and Library of Congress to protect the information of the governing of Pacifica, its citizens, and the knowledge of the world. This National Archive and Library of Congress shall be operated in a “non-profit” fashion. Amoung the several/many materials hosted by the archive library, there shall also be an internet file and website archive and a means to download the archive selectively based on several selectable and adjustable criteria determined by the user. There shall also be established a user-generated wiki that is maintained by the people of Pacifica, and any member of the general public may produce a wiki page on a relevant topic or contribute to other pages, in a democratic fashion. There shall be no user or file tracking or tracing performed by the archive and library for data [they freely offer] available to the public, but this shall not interfere with law enforcement powers to remove material which violates the rights of another person or in the narrow case of protecting [limited] Intellectual Monopoly interests;

Congress shall establish and maintain "GovTracker", an open, censorship-free digital platform closely integrated with the Library of Congress and dedicated to the collection, preservation, and public display of photos and audio in addition to videos and multimedia recordings related to government officials, agencies, and military actions both domestically and internationally. GovTracker shall serve as a public oversight tool enabling citizens to upload, share, and access photos and audio recordings as well as videos that document government activities, actions, and behaviors for the purpose of promoting transparency, accountability, and safeguarding against abuse or misconduct by government officials or entities, including law enforcement, military, and administrative agencies. The platform shall not censor or remove videos merely because they are objectionable or politically controversial but shall only remove content that demonstrably violates the law, including material inciting violence, constituting defamation with malicious intent, or containing illegal content, subject to a transparent and judicially accountable process. Off-topic or irrelevant material may be moderated solely to maintain coherence and usability of the public archive but shall not be arbitrarily removed or suppressed, and all removals shall subject to appeal in front of a jury whether through telepresence or in person. Every citizen shall have the right to upload videos, photographs, and other recordings of government actions, and all contributed material shall be publicly accessible, indexed, and searchable through structured metadata including time, location, and identities of government officials involved, to facilitate public review and civic analysis. The technological infrastructure of GovTracker shall employ open, standardized formats for digital preservation, consistent with the Library of Congress’s Recommended Formats Statement and archival best practices, to ensure enduring accessibility, authenticity, and verifiability of submitted materials across time. All files shall be redundantly stored in secure, distributed systems to prevent loss or tampering, and metadata shall be maintained transparently to ensure traceability and authenticity. Oversight of the platform shall rest with an independent board operating under the supervision of Congress and the Library of Congress, with all moderation and removal decisions publicly logged and subject to judicial review. The free exchange of information via GovTracker shall be protected as a form of expression under the right surrounding freedom of speech/communication and information, guaranteeing that the platform remains a protected venue for lawful exchange and government accountability. The Library of Congress shall oversee the archival and technical standards of GovTracker, ensuring that media formats, metadata schemas, and content indexing conform to the highest preservation and accessibility standards applied to public digital archives, thereby maintaining GovTracker as a permanent, publicly accountable record of governmental activity within and beyond the nation’s borders.

[]
Congress shall have Power to establish, secure, regulate, and support an open, interoperable, privacy-preserving and anonymous, cryptographically verifiable, and resilient public-record and publication network for the preservation, authentication, dissemination, retrieval, and long-term availability of lawful writings, data, software, records, and expressions; to provide for their distributed storage, independent verification, and accessibility without dependence upon any single person, corporation, server, gateway, domain, or political subdivision; and to enact all laws necessary and proper to carry this Power into execution, consistent with the liberties secured by this Constitution. The Network shall be maintained as a public trust and open protocol, not as a proprietary platform. Its standards, core software, interfaces, and verification methods shall remain publicly documented, independently auditable, and capable of implementation by public authorities, private persons, enterprises, cooperatives, institutions, and communities. Congress may provide infrastructure directly, procure it from others, or recognize and coordinate voluntary independent providers; but no participant shall be divested of property, compelled to participate, or excluded from lawful competition except under generally applicable technical, security, and service standards. Congress may provide for cryptographically secured record identity, tamper-evident publication, versioned correction, distributed replication, and independently verifiable proofs that storage providers retain data and make it reasonably available over time. The Network shall be designed so that a published record may be authenticated without reliance upon a single host, and so that corrections, redactions, withdrawals of endorsement, and superseding records shall be made through new authenticated publications identifying the prior record, rather than through secret alteration of the historical record. Congress may establish fair and transparent incentives, fees, credits, endowments, public procurement, and other lawful means to compensate providers of storage, retrieval, gateway, verification, relay, and related services. Such measures shall encourage diversified and durable capacity, honest service, technical resilience, and reasonable access, without granting a monopoly to government, a corporation, or any private combination. Public infrastructure operated under this Power shall act as a fiduciary of the People, shall be administered transparently, and shall participate in and encourage any competitive exchange on terms that do not destroy or unfairly displace private enterprise. Not less than 5.55555555555 per centum of the storage capacity federally provided, procured, administered, or made available through the Network shall be reserved for the free or subsidized lawful use of the Citizens throughout the several States. Congress shall provide such reserved capacity through the Department of Goods and Services, or such successor department as law may establish, as a credit to each Citizen’s benefit account under proportional, transparent, non-discriminatory, and technically enforceable rules. That reservation shall be an irrevocable privilege of citizenship, shall be allocated at the point of scheduling or capacity assignment rather than by later accounting alone, and shall not prevent the open sale, lease, contribution, or exchange of additional storage and related services by private, cooperative, institutional, State, or federal participants. Congress may provide for privacy-preserving access and publication methods by which a person may read, retrieve, verify, or lawfully publish a record without routine disclosure of civil identity, reading history, location, persistent account identity, network address, payment history, or other un-necessary personal metadata. Congress may authorize reasonable, content-neutral measures to prevent fraud, abuse, congestion, duplicate claims, and destructive use of shared capacity, provided that such measures are narrowly adapted to technical necessity and do not create a general system of identification or de-anonymization, surveillance, prior restraint, or viewpoint discrimination. The storage, retrieval, gateway, search, indexing, and public-display functions of the Network may be technically and institutionally distinct. The permanence and integrity of an archived record shall not require its universal indexing, promotion, or public display; however, no official authority may secretly alter, falsify, or substitute a cryptographically authenticated record, nor delete or obstruct them without lawful purpose conformal to due process. Congress may establish transparent, reviewable, and lawful rules for official discovery services, public indexes, and government-operated gateways, consistent with freedom of expression, privacy, due process, and equal protection. Congress may coordinate interoperable technical, security, encryption, authentication, storage, service, and settlement standards among the several States and with foreign nations, provided that such standards remain open, auditable, and free from exclusive control by any single entity. The Network may interoperate with publicly or privately operated computing, storage, networking, encrypted-tunneling, and distributed-infrastructure systems, while preserving the autonomy of participating States, the voluntary character of private participation, and the right of persons to offer or obtain lawful services through free exchange. No person shall be compelled to identify themselves in order to read, verify, retrieve, or publish a lawful record through the Network. No law shall require the routine collection, analysis, retention, publication, or disclosure of a reader’s or publisher’s identity, location, reading history, communication metadata, financial history, network address, device information, or publication history as a condition of ordinary lawful use. No person shall be compelled to disclose cryptographic secrets, recovery phrases, private signing keys, or decryption keys except according to the constitutional protections governing private papers and effects. No public authority, gateway, storage provider, relay provider, or index operating under this Power shall impose viewpoint-based discrimination upon lawful expression. No person shall acquire a right, by use of the Network [alone], to publish another person’s private credentials, access keys, protected identifying information, intimate images, confidential records, or other unlawfully obtained personal data. No agency of government shall inspect, retain, condition access to, or disclose the content of private data or communications carried through the Network absent a warrant or lawful order issued according to due process of law. Congress shall exercise this Power as a duty to preserve the technological resilience, economic competitiveness, continuity of self-government, freedom of expression, security of private papers and effects, communication and expression, historical archival, voluntary exchange, and equal liberty of the People;
[]

To establish a uniform Rule of Immigration and Naturalization; Congress shall institute an open, easy, and efficient process for immigration into Pacifica and procuring citizenship thereof; Congress shall implement a program, as part of the adjudication process for immigration benefits, to identify and bar Individuals seeking to enter Pacifica on a fraudulent basis with the intent to cause harm, who are at risk of causing harm subsequent to their admission. Immigrants must have a means to care for themselves for at least two years financially and the skills necessary to secure another job within six months; No person may immigrate to Pacifica who are Likely or Liable to become a Public Charge. All immigrants entering Pacifica shall be required to undergo screening for communicable diseases and checks into their possible criminal record for the equivalence to felony charges (in the least permissive jurisdiction within Pacifica). A conviction of illegal immigration permanently disables the ability of that Person to legally immigrate at a later time, unless the controversy occurred and was settled before their eighteenth birthday or foreign judgment of emancipation, in which case, upon their eighteenth birthday or such emancipation, and thereafter, they are restored the ability to apply for immigration to Pacifica. Persons seeking naturalization shall be required to answer a moderate difficulty quiz regarding an applicant’s understanding of Pacifica’s constitutional text and political processes, as well as testing their comprehension of the underlying aspects which underpin Pacifica’s system of government (Such as but not restricted to: Separation of powers, due process, dut[y]/ies to uphold natural rights, the electoral process, state sector versus private sector business, and duty of the people to resist tyranny), with a requirement to solve at least four-fifths of the questions to pass the entry civics exam, where translation/interpretation services shall be provided where needed [as appropriate and reasonably possible], and to be provided with educational materials upon request for such examination, at cost, or for free digitally on the internet, including practice exams;

All lawfully immigrating aliens seeking naturalization shall be required to undergo an ethnic Pacifican civics exam where they pass four-fifths of examination questions regarding the civil governing process and as to the Powers, Limitations, and Rights of the Government and the Pacifican People. Asylum seekers and refugees must engaging good faith efforts to seek work or training within three months and have a job within six months, unless they are physically or mentally disabled, or else they will face deportation back to their origin country, or, to some other country willing to accept them, in accordance with the principles set forth by this constitution. All migrants who are naturalized are restricted from receiving public welfare for a term of five years after their naturalization, but are not to be restrained from free public healthcare and free public education during such probationary period. Asylum seekers and refugees who do not naturalize are ineligible for public welfare, free public healthcare [beyond emergency care services, which shall be provided without discrimination], free public education, arming and equipping through the provisions of the States, and are expected to take care of themselves. Migrants entering Pacifica without using an official Port of Entry shall be assumed to be entering illegally, and be open to armed resistance by agents who are trained, uniformed and identified, accountable, and that use reasonable along with proportionate force, [under civilian oversight] to repel invasion by armed or violent individuals, or those participating in human trafficking and slavery, terrorism, and other egregious crimes. The People of each independent State are empowered to assist the national and state governments to prevent [an] [aggressive and overwhelming] ingress of illegal immigrants within Pacifica’s National borders, in accordance with the laws of Pacifica, both Constitutional and made in conformity underneath it. While on Pacifican soil, illegal immigrants interacting with members of government possess “the right to due process” including to presentament of an judicially-reviewed warrant, a jury trial, and the right to writs of habeas corpus, and all natural rights as well as all of any other constitutionally protected negative rights of the People within Pacifica (including human rights), with the exception of free ingress and regress throughout the borders of Pacifica and the several States, the several Territories, and numerous Localities, in addition to being barred from the receipt of Citizen-only services such as State-sector business-funded healthcare [except for emergency services] and education, and in the benefit of receiving privileges from Pacifica, the several States, Territories, or Localities.

The inviolability of the border in Pacifica is one of the very important foundations of our National Sovereignty and Peace, expressed under the will of our People, and must remain intact in a Nation of Laws, promoting Justice, and Protecting Ordered liberty, for ensuring the safety and happiness of our People. Those lawfully immigrating who require temporary lodging at the border may be provided shelter for the term of which their immigration is process of being approved, to be billed at cost for the services and resources provided to them after they have attained employment within Pacifica, and they may seek temporary government assistance for housing within Pacifica after their immigration is preliminarily approved while they seek employment, based on availability and funding. The Government of Pacifica is encouraged to strongly prosecute Illegal immigrants, and permanently bar their import, except for those who were minors below the age of legal culpability for a felony within Pacifica, who were brought by an adult, which minor was subsequently deported and later attained adulthood in a foreign country after their deportation, who then later lawfully applies for citizenship thereafter them having attained the Age of Majority. Deportations shall be focused firstly upon illegal aliens who commit serious crimes while within the borders of Pacifica and the several States, secondly upon those who commit minor offenses, and thirdly upon the remainder of unlawful migrants; those illegal aliens who are part of organized crime shall be prioritized before those who commit crimes of independent nature, but the most serious of crimes such as murder and rape shall be prioritized before moderate crimes such as organized smuggling or unauthorized drug production syndicates; the main purpose of enforcement action is to protect the rights of the People of Pacifica, and secondly for the convenience and improvement of each Citizen's good way of life.

To define the status of political asylum by law, and establish a Refugee Resettlement Program to admit foreign nationals into Pacifica. It is the policy of Pacifica to protect its citizens from foreign nationals who intend to commit terrorist attacks in Pacifica; and to prevent the admission of foreign nationals who intend to exploit Pacifica immigration laws for malevolent purposes, or to undermine the precepts of natural rights and just naturalism;

To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offenses against the Law of Nations;

To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water as well as determine the limits on emergency powers delegated to the president; Pacifica shall not go to war except in self-defense, and permanently renounces wars or acts of military aggression; Congress shall not declare war, without the concurrence of two-thirds of the Senators and Representatives present in each House;

To ensure the military branch shall accept Persons of suitable condition to be received into the armed service of Pacifica to garrison forts, positions, stations, and other places, and to man vessels of all sorts in said service;

To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years;

To provide and maintain a Navy;

To provide and maintain an Air Force and Space Force;

To make Rules for the Governing and Regulation of the land, naval, air and space Forces;

To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of Pacifica, excepting governance in cases where the militia may engage in martial law against failures to ratify budgets or other criminal elements of the government in Congress, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress, and excepting governance in cases where the militia may engage in martial law against failures to ratify budgets or other criminal elements of the government in a specific State or States;

To inaugurate and provide for an extensive system of National Militia Supply Depots and Armories, to have their keys be held by merit of local elections, by no less than two but no more than five People in each area nearest to their installation, known as the keepers of the keys, to be made known to the Clerk of the Town and/or County Hall of their presence, and be made available to all the People near them Pledged in Loyalty and Defense for their State or Territory in the event of a Military invasion or attack. The keepers of the keys, upon their discretion, may bring a guest or guests in order to sample and inspect the supplies and gear for shelf-stability, function, and “lot rot”; Cycle weapons at the firing range to ensure their proper function; Sample food, drink, and alcohol ingredients and rations for taste-stability and spoilage;-And to ensure the silo remains secure and operational in time of peace for a potential time of war;

To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress [Unjust] Insurrections, and repel Invasions;

When a large number of members are killed or incapacitated, temporary replacements shall be made immediately, to fill vacant seats and to stand in for incapacitated members. Temporary appointments, in cases of both vacancies and death, shall be selected from a succession list drawn up in advance by the member who holds the seat, or, if no such appointment/s shall be made, be made by Gubernors. In the case of incapacitated members, replacements shall stand in for the incapacitated member until the member recovers, the member dies and the vacancy is filled, or until the end of the term. Congress may provide by law for the additional details, if any, of the temporary appointment procedure in legislation. Any accompanying legislation should contain the following: 1) exactly when the procedure for the emergency method of temporary appointments shall begin and end; 2) the qualifications of the temporary replacements; 3) the method of appointment; 4) limitations on the length of service of the temporary appointees.

To establish a Department of National Security to serve as a ministry of internal affairs;

Congress shall establish a Federal Investigative Service, operating under the Executive Branch Police Powers with the authority to investigate and arrest individuals or groups suspected of interstate and Federal crimes, in accordance with the enumerated powers of congress and the due process rights of the defendants and their potential victims/s Congress shall appoint a Head of the FIS (Federal Investigative Service) for a non-renewable term of six years, which Head of the Federal Investigative Service[s] shall appoint or remove FIS agents/officers operating beneath them in rank. The Head of the Federal Investigative Service may remove agents/officers at any time; Congress may overturn appointments and removals of agents/officers in the Federal Department of Investigations. The law enforcement mission of the Secret Service is "The mission of Pacifica’s federal investigative service shall be to defend the natural rights and liberties of the People, preserving ordered liberty and justice in accordance with natural law, common law, and the constitutional compact"; The Investigative Law Enforcement Purpose is to arrest individuals for inter-jurisdictional and Federal level crimes, which are not being managed by the Secret Service of Pacifica;

Congress shall establish a Secret Service operating under the Department of Homeland Security; Congress shall appoint a Head of the Secret service for a non-renewable term of six years, which Head of the Secret Service shall appoint or remove Secret Service agents/officers operating beneath them in rank. The Head of Secret Service may remove agents/officers at any time; Congress may overturn appointments and removals of agents/officers in the Secret Service. The protective mission of the Secret Service is to ensure the safety of both Federal, Territorial, State, or Local members of the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches, their immediate families, former presidents, their spouses, and their minor kids under the age of sixteen, major candidates and their spouses, and foreign heads of state; The protective mission includes protective operations to coordinate manpower and logistics with state and local law enforcement, protective advances to conduct site and venue assessments for protectees, and protective intelligence to investigate all manners of threats made against protectees; The investigative mission of the Secret Service is to safeguard the payment and financial systems of Pacifica from a wide range of financial and electronic-based crimes. Financial investigations include counterfeit Pacifica securities, legal tender, coin, and bills of credit, bank & financial institution fraud, mail fraud, wire fraud, illicit financing operations, and major conspiracies; Electronic investigations include Cybercrime, network intrusions, identity theft, access device fraud, credit card fraud, and Intellectual monopoly crimes;

To establish a Department of National Intelligence;

To establish a Department of Home Relations;

To establish a Department of International Relations;

To establish a Extraterrestrial/Exobiological Intelligence Recovery and Relations Agency (shortened as EIRRA) for astrobiological entities and drones or probes visiting Earth from foreign worlds or interdimensional substrate, and to establish transparency through disclosure with the General Public regarding all unidentified anomalous phenomena and transmedium objects/craft as well as encounters with off-planet non-human intelligence in addition to communication with off-world intelligence, and to investigate and also make active pursuit of recovering crashed objects of interest to this agency and biological or non-biological entities where possible, and announcing all discoveries why the agency to the General Public, as well as disclose all past, present, and Future interactions with uap's and foreign high-level non-human intelligence, in addition to publicly announcing the status of diplomatic relations between Pacificans and alien life-forms along with UAP storage and potential reverse-engineering and research developments, making active attempts to detect and communicate with off-world intelligence, so long as such operations do not violate the 'prime directive' of Pacifica, which governs interplanetary and transdimensional relations between Pacifica and foreign or non-terrestrial life-forms by somehow interfering with their development. The agency shall not employ aggressive tactics nor engage in hostile offensive encounters to retrieve objects/craft and biologics or non-biologics, whether intact or damaged and alive/animated or dead/deceased. The agency is obligated to maintain peace between Pacifica and extraterrestrials and other worldly non-human intelligence [and their machines];

To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding an area consistent with the base of a square being twenty-four kilometers) as may, by Secession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of Pacifica, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall have previously been, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards and other needful Buildings. The [Federal] District shall be named Olympus;

Congress shall have power to prescribe the terms of removal of Individuals holding offices created by specific statute, and requiring the consent of the Senate for appointments, including standards of good behavior for judges, but the President or other executive officers shall have power to remove officers they have the exclusive authority to appoint for positions for which there is no specific term of service;

To secure the equal right to the exercise of all common rights;

To maintain the equality of all citizens before the laws;

To establish a general system of Criminal Jurisprudence and of Pacifican Civil Law, and Departments for each;

Congress may provide Courts for the several Territories;

To constitute Tribunals inferior to the supreme Court;

Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper to secure to the citizens of each State all privileges and immunities of citizens in any other of the several States, and to all Persons in each State equal protection in the rights of Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness;

Congress shall have power to enact statutes to punish official misconduct, including the violation of the rights, privileges, or immunities of any Person, abuse of discretion, violation of any oath or affirmation, dereliction of duty, failure to supervise, or conduct unbecoming;

To establish a Department of Reformatory and Criminal Labor;

To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for rehabilitating criminal code offenders by the Government of Pacifica or any Department or Officer thereof;

To recognize the Secession of States;-And

To make only those Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of Pacifica, or in any Department or Officer thereof, but all laws passed by Congress shall expire within twelve years after being passed.

Congress shall erect no Compan[y]/ies of Merchants or Cartel/s with exclusive advantages of commerce.

Congress shall have power, on territory under its exclusive jurisdiction, and State legislatures, on territory under their exclusive jurisdiction, at their discretion, to forbid weapons within penal facilities, courthouses, and government offices, provided that they provide for a secure system for checking in weapons on entry, and return them to the owner upon leaving, and in such case, they are required by law, under penalty of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole, to guarantee the safety of [all] Persons within against all injury they might be able to avoid by having the means to defend themselves or others, being liable for any injuries or deaths that may befall those disarmed in accordance with such potential prohibition.

Congress shall have the power of eminent domain only on territory for which it has exclusive jurisdiction, and State legislatures only on exclusively state territory. State legislatures must consent to Congress taking by eminent domain any parcels within their territory. No taking by either Congress or a State legislature shall be for any purpose other than public use for a period of at least eighteen years.

The Congress are empowered to lease or purchase land from states who consensually enter agreement, and the congress may additionally sell that same land back to the State/s or Citizens of Pacifica at another time, and may produce homestead rules and release land to citizens for their own personal use to own and pass on again and again in the course of their [the Citizen’s] and their family’s lives, through inheritance as an heirloom, except if no relative whether by blood or marriage is available for designation through will, then upon the death of the owner, it shall be auctioned at State sale to another Citizen as a standard piece of real estate, through the Treasury or State banks. Households will be limited to one homestead, but there is no limit to how many households in a family may stake and obtain a stead. The land which the Federal government owns may be designated as national park or refuge, or, as a commercial parcel for operations under the department of Goods and Services, or for any other purpose consistent with the Powers conferred to Congress, but it may not be used to expand the boundaries or add territory to the Federal District of Olympus. Land designated for national parks shall be controlled by the bureau of Forest and Land Management. Land intended for governmental industry and commerce under the Department of Goods and Services, and Land for sale shall be held by the treasury of Pacifica.

The power to establish, maintain, and regulate national networking infrastructure to serve the public interests of the People and their several levels of government shall be explicitly divided among the Federal, Territorial, State, and Local sectors. This division of authority shall be defined by this Constitution to ensure that each level of government may develop, operate, and secure networking infrastructure as necessary to execute its constitutional powers and promote the public interest of State Security. No level of government shall monopolize or unduly restrict access to networking infrastructure necessary for the execution of the foregoing powers or the protection of public interests, except as required for legitimate security purposes and as defined under this Constitution. The right of the people to form their own network infrastructure and operate businesses for the same purpose shall be respected through law.

The power to establish, maintain, and regulate Public energy infrastructure to serve the public interests of the People and their several levels of government shall be explicitly divided among the Federal, Territorial, State, and Local sectors. This division of authority shall be defined by this Constitution to ensure that each level of government may develop, operate, and secure energy infrastructure as necessary to execute its constitutional powers and promote the public interest of State Security. No level of government shall monopolize or unduly restrict access to energy infrastructure necessary for the execution of the foregoing powers or the protection of public interests, except as required for legitimate security purposes and as defined under this Constitution. The right of the people to form their own energy infrastructure and operate businesses for the same purpose shall be respected through law.

Congress may not enact a law unless it pertains to only one subject. Congress is prohibited from putting anything in a bill that is not mentioned or contained within the title of the bill.

Congress shall have power to authorize officials of Pacifica to execute court orders.

Congress has power to authorize itself or committees of itself to operate as a grand jury for the investigation of public matters, including the issuance of subpoenas, and to authorize courts to enforce its subpoenas and orders to provide information.

Congress shall have authority to criminally punish fraud only when committed on the territory of Pacifica over which it has exclusive jurisdiction.

Congress shall have power to prescribe the penalty for contumacy, but no judge shall have power to punish by fine, imprisonment, or other penalty, other than by incarceration for a period not to exceed seven days per court session, without conviction by a jury in a trial in which another judge shall preside.

Congress shall establish a target population for Pacifica for the purpose of assuring a high standard of living and quality of life for its citizens. The target population shall not be higher than can be continuously sustained by proven reserves of domestic natural resources utilizing existing technology, or by trading such excess resources for others not available domestically. Also, the target population of Pacifica shall be below the level that, if applied globally, is determined by science to pose no threat to the global environment. The Congress shall establish immigration quotas consistent with achieving the target population. The Congress shall also enact policies that, while leaving People free to choose the size of their families, encourage the population to move toward and stabilize at the established target level. The target population shall be reviewed by Congress annually and shall be retained or adjusted as necessary.

The Department of Defense budget cannot exceed the total of all of the States’ public education funding.

The power to raise an army, navy, or other military force, and militia, is only to hire volunteers, not to conscript the unwilling. Congress shall make no law requiring service in the army, navy, the militia, or any civil service.

No soldier shall be enlisted for any longer term than four years, except in time of war, and then for no longer term than the continuance of the war. A soldier may re-enlist of their own conscience.

The People of Pacifica shall enjoy the right of safety from terrorist attack. To enforce this provision, Congress shall have the power to establish special military courts solely for the prosecution of Persons accused of terrorist acts.

Congress shall have power to punish for disclosure of state secrets properly so designated by a court of competent jurisdiction, but it shall also have power to punish the concealment of official misconduct under the guise of state secrecy.

That each year every member of Congress shall spend at least one consecutive day and night in a standard cell inside a randomly selected Federal prison that is located inside their State.

Congress shall not make any law that applies to the Citizens of Pacifica that does not apply equally to the Members of the Federal government; and, Congress shall make no law that applies to Members of the Federal government that does not apply equally to the citizens of Pacifica.

Should any member of congress step down, a Supplementary Election shall be held within thirty days.

Congress shall have the power to regulate by law the filling of vacancies that may occur in the House of Representatives and Senate in the event that one-fourth or greater number of the members of either the House of Representatives or the Senate are killed or incapacitated. Congress shall allow the Gubernor or the legislature of each state to appoint temporary replacement senators and representatives. Within ninety days of the event that one-fourth or greater number of the members of either the House of Representatives or the Senate are incapacitated or killed, a special election shall take place to replace them. A member that has been incapacitated may reclaim their office at any time after such member determines that they are no longer incapacitated. All appointments of both the House and Senate shall expire automatically after the special election is held.

Congress shall not alter, modify or interfere in the times, places, or manner of holding elections for Senators and Representatives or either of them, except when the legislature of any State shall neglect, refuse, or be disabled by invasion, attack, or unjust rebellion to prescribe the same.

Congress shall have the power to regulate matters that are in the national interest, but federal enactments shall pre-empt State law only in instances of direct conflict, or where the preemptive force of such enactment is made explicit by statute, or is based on a considered finding by an agency to whom Congress has delegated the authority to make such determination.

The Congress shall promote the welfare of the [whole] People by acting to secure equal economic opportunity [irregardless of outcome] for all.

Congress shall have power to regulate or prohibit substances or actions which are likely to cause resource degradation or depletion or injury to People, animals, or the environment, across State, territorial, or national borders, but not those confined within the borders of a State or territory.

Congress shall have power to grant conditional supplemental assistance to State budgets for use in programs that the Federal Department deems of Public Need, Mutual Benefit, and Appropriate to remedy a malady, such as supporting State wildlife preservation and welfare programs.

Congress may not require any State or Local official, or private Person, of Pacifica, to expend any resources without providing such resources, or make the provision of resources conditional on performing actions Congress does not have the power to command, except for militia organization, training, and operations, or for specific performance on a voluntary contract.

Congress shall not have power within non-State territory in excess of powers provided to the legislature by the constitutions of at least three-fourths of the states, being those that delegate the least power to their governments on the same subjects.

Congress shall have exclusive legislative jurisdiction over coastal waters from the 4.848 kilometers out to 22.224 kilometers, and over airspace at or above one-half of a kilometer above the highest terrain features, including the power to regulate the movement of vehicles/craft through such territory. States shall have jurisdiction for land above the low-tide mark out to a distance of 4.848 kilometers into the sea, and airspace below one-half kilometer above the highest terrain features. Terrain features include but are not limited to buildings and natural entities like trees and rocks.

Congress shall have exclusive legislative jurisdiction over the allocation of broadcast bands for inter-jurisdictional radio wireless transmissions as well as single-conductor/single-wire and radiant wireless transmissions whose configuration and energy level are excessive enough to which they can potentially or will cause a measurable/demonstrable amount of damage to Persons, Animals, Property, or to the environment (except those which are confined [through measurability] entirely within a state); The lawful purpose for regulations and licensing of equipment at levels beyond those which may potentially or will cause a measurable/demonstrable amount of damage to Persons, Animals, Property, or to the environment, shall extend only to those reasons, and NOT to seek the prevention of interference with, or inconvenience caused by, neighboring equipment, nor to serve as a mechanism to regulate or restrict in any other way, the speech or other content of the transmissions, including of encrypted audio, data, and other information; They shall have the power to designate specific and limited sections of the radio spectrum for transmission of emergency services, and punish transmitting violators operating in these restricted bands if damage or injury results due to their interference.

Congress shall not have power to disable a right or penalize any person on the basis of an administrative or due process proceeding in another jurisdiction, or lack thereof, or an administrative or due process proceeding in the same jurisdiction that does not explicitly disable the right as part of the final order of the court, upon conviction by a jury for a crime or a unanimous jury verdict finding dangerous incompetence.

Congress shall pass no law, rule, regulation or ordinance that applies to Pacificans or lawful aliens residing legally in Pacifica that does NOT also apply in equal measure to MEMBERS of Congress and/or their families.

Congress members MAY contribute to personal, individual retirement accounts from which they may draw upon retirement, but no treasury funds shall be used to provide lifetime retirement for any member of either House of Congress under ANY circumstances beyond what has been authorized and contributed to by the People’s allocation through the treasury to their and their Congressperson’s State Social Security system plus normal interest.

Congress SHALL PASS NO LAW regulating the ownership oruse, nor ordering the confiscation, or destruction, of any just weapon, ammunition, munition, any armor of defense, or attachments and accessories, or any of the like thereof.

Any law by which Congress delegates rulemaking to the Executive Branch must automatically expire after two years, unless Congress sets an earlier expiration date.

There shall be provided for sunset provisions on federal agencies and programs, similar to the Texas sunset provisions. This means that agencies and programs are reviewed periodically to ensure they are still meeting the needs of the people, and that any improvements can be made so that the agencies and programs get better over time. Some programs would be reviewed every twelve years (12 annum) or so, and some would require review every legislative session. Without re-approval by the legislature, the agency or program shall be abolished.

Every bill enacted by Congress shall expire by default at two (2) years after enactment, not to exceed ten (10) years by specification otherwise, unless re-enacted, or, sooner repealed, or unless it is constitutionally mandated.

All legislation created shall require it only surround a single-subject within it/them.

Those provisions which declare that Congress shall not exercise certain powers be not interpreted in any manner whatsoever to extend the powers of Congress. But that they may be construed either as making exceptions to the specified powers where this shall be the case, or otherwise as inserted merely for greater caution.

They should be vested with the authority to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of Pacifica, or in any Department or Officer thereof.

SECTION. 11.

Congress shall establish an Agency of Disease Control and Prevention (ADCP):

To develop national standards for diagnosing diseases;

To serve as a diagnostic testing laboratory, and for providing research into eradicating infectious diseases/pathogens;

To co-ordinate operations with State Medical facilities for testing, quarantine, and treatment of infectious diseases/pathogens;

To publish and disseminate scientifically rigorous public health information of interstate significance that enables policy-makers, researchers and practitioners to be more effective; it aims to improve health, particularly among disadvantaged populations;

To disseminate accurate and honest public news on the State of Epidemic, Pandemic, and Endemic diseases/pathogens

To act as a directing and coordinating authority on public interstate work towards health through disease/pathogen prevention and control, to promote research, along with ensure valid and productive technical cooperation towards developing cures for known and future diseases/pathogens;

To act as the directing and coordinating authority on public interstate health work;

To promote technical cooperation among public entities;

To assist State Governments, upon request, in strengthening health services;

To furnish appropriate public technical assistance, and in emergencies, necessary aid, upon the request or acceptance of the State and Local Governments of Pacifica;

To make recommendations for public/state protocols to reduce the risks of contracting and spreading communicable diseases/pathogens which may be voluntarily used by consenting Individuals on a basis consistent with their conscience and personal conviction, and leaves them free to choose their own course of action. Congress and their advisors upon legislative consent of the Congress and/or “[we] the People’s” (constitutionally restrained) just authority, may provide non-binding advice to the People on how to prevent the spread of communicable diseases/pathogens, and provide legally-non-binding recommendations/advice to sectors of the population, industry, and commerce, which they believe may assist or achieve this end;

To stimulate and advance public work on the prevention and control of epidemic, pandemic, endemic, and other diseases/pathogens;

To promote and coordinate public biomedical and health services research;

To promote improved standards of teaching and training in the health, medical, and related public professions;

To establish interstate, and stimulate the establishment of intrastate, standards for public biological, pharmaceutical, and similar products, and to standardize public diagnostic procedures;

To work in conjunction with Public medical professionals of the several States upon their consent to propose conventions, agreements, and regulations, and make recommendations, about interstate nomenclature of diseases/pathogens, causes of death, and best public health practices;

To develop, establish, and promote interstate standards concerning disease reducing and treating: foods, herbs, fungi, and bacteria, as well as, vitamins, minerals, ‘nutraceutical’, biological, pharmaceutical, and similar substances, as well as requiring the reporting on all adverse events regarding any of these compounds, which shall be extended to include but not be limited to vaccines and gene therapies;

To Prevent both communicable as well as non-communicable diseases/pathogens in all willingfully participating Citizens and the People of Pacifica and the several states and Territories of, and visitors within, Pacifica;

To direct and coordinate interstate public health efforts between States;

The Agency for Disease Control and Prevention collaborates to create the expertise, information, and tools that people and communities need to protect their health through health promotion, prevention of diseases/pathogens along with injury and disability caused by such diseases/pathogens, and preparedness for new health threats;

The Agency for Disease Control and Prevention is intended to be a non-political and bound to informed voluntary consent wing of Congress, and which has the principle aim and duty to defend the lives and health of Pacificans by remaining scientifically objective, truthfully/honest, and impartial in the dissemination of information; in addition to conferring as much protective and assisting benefit as is reasonably possible, not conferring aid by special circumstance;

Their main areas of work are improving public health systems; as well as health throughout the course of life of Citizens in addition to the People of Pacifica; prevention and protective capacity in/for noncommunicable and communicable diseases; preparedness, surveillance of viral evolution, and mediated response to outbreaks; and supply deployment services to Public agencies, as well as the General Public (being “the People” at large). It is the responsibility of the Agency of Disease Control and Prevention to assess all available data for quality of studies and research samples, create meta-analytical abstracts, and make recommendations out of integrity (with a willingness to admit fault/s and flaws if present, based upon it and in line with the current state of science;

They may perform:
Voluntarist infectiousness testing in conjunction to infection status testing;
[Revocable] Consent-based antibody or cell immunity quantification testing for those who have cleared the disease;
Revocable Consent-based Anonymized data based on municipality for the past and current people who tested positive for the disease;
Funding for public-domain safety studies for traditional, attenuated full body dead’-viral body, replication-incompetent chimera vaccines, (‘ADL-protectant’) viral protein, mRNA, iDNA, and other types of immunological antibody inducing or facilitating protein or gene therapy, publishing their dangers, and to further furnish open-source information on the state of the art public research on vaccine risks and benefits with in depth breakdown of science linked in a wiki on the government website for the agency, including on vaccine driven viral evolution;
Funding for open-source public research and development of traditional, attenuated full body dead’-viral body, replication-incompetent chimera vaccines, by meritable/highly-qualified public and/or private scientific and medical institutions and businesses, as so far is subordinate to the will of Sovereign Persons and due course of just naturalistic principals;
Funding for public development of anti-viral and viro-cidal agents as well as antibiotics and disinfectants by States for their Universal Basic Healthcare deployment, and equally by private chemists;
and
Funding for public vaccine analysis and quantification, safety and efficacy testing, double-blind placebo-compared controlled experiments and studies, and provide Public disclosure of all side effects and their incident rate and predicting factors.

There shall be no mandatory/forced/coerced/compelled contact tracing, though the government has power to perform contact tracing on known infected individuals, so long as meaningful consent is obtained, for the purposes of preventing the further spread of contagious highly injurious or deadly disease. In addition to this, no contact tracing technological systems or programs to adapt existing technology for contact tracing shall be implemented.

SECTION. 11.5.

Sub-Section. 1.

Within the Agency for Disease Control and Prevention shall be established a Pandemic Preparedness Planning Unit, with the responsibilities:

To establish interstate public protocols for dealing with natural outbreaks and biological weapon attacks;

To provide suggestions to congress for regulations surrounding the development and deployment of vaccines by the Public instrument and Private market;

To suggest to and draft biotech regulations for the Congress, for the purpose of preventing the proliferation of weaponizable [and already weaponized] gene sequences, genetic material, and organisms;

To offer non-binding advise to the president and the Gubernors in each state on the best course of action in the event of a national epidemic as well as a global pandemic;

To develop open-source diagnostic methods and tools, as well as treatments for diseases/pathogens including but not limited to [scalable] vaccines and gene therapies, which shall undergo rigorous safety studies before being made available to the public, except for those Individuals who desire experimental medical treatment and who waive all liability on the behalf of the designers, manufacturers, prescribers, furnishers, and administerers of such methods, tools, and treatments;

To aid in coordinating responses to outbreaks of contagious diseases/pathogens, within the limits of the law under the precept of civil government having the primary responsibility of securing the People’s (as Individuals) unalienable natural rights;

To develop and distribute testing kits for communicable diseases/pathogens to the Public sector medical services of the several States, and, upon their discretion, provide for, at an equal exchange, Private sector medical services of first the several States, and then to the world. The People are entitled by this constitution to be first priority to receive testing kits and medical services, and without with-holding or discrimination;

To quickly lab test mailed in and field collected samples for communicable diseases/pathogens upon request from the Public sector medical services of the Several States, and upon their discretion, from the private sector as well, to determine the [whole] genetic sequence of pathogen/disease in identified positive test samples which were lawfully collected, with both the capacity to serve the entire country’s testing and sequencing needs in a national emergency, and to openly publish the results for such tests and sequences after anonymization (for privacy);

To provide free, timely, and accurate laboratory testing for disease/pathogen presence, transmissibility evaluations, and immunity testing with metrics beyond anti-bodies, on volunteering Persons residing within Pacifica for communicable diseases/pathogens, but to not force Individuals to submit to such a test for any reason;

To develop and distribute fast and easy testing self-testing kits for communicable diseases/pathogens, immunity beyond anti-bodies, and transmissibility evaluation, to the People of Pacifica, and develop a [non-mandatory] self-reporting system to assist in the accurate statistic keeping for Pacifica of the persons infected with communicable diseases/pathogens;

To provide for the sequencing of infections to track disease sources and mutations/evolution;

To collect and publish data on outbreaks within Pacifica, through anonymously compiled lists on the number of affected People and their general locations in the community, labeled with the name of the communicable disease/pathogen;

To test off the shelf medicine for effectiveness in treating infectious diseases/pathogens;

To develop, test, manufacture, and stockpile the kinds of suitable protective and treatment gear, equipment, supplies, and resources that Pacifican medical professionals and the citizens of Pacifica will need;

To mobilize resources for those in quarantine and for those undergoing treatment at their homes and State hospitals within the several States, including but not limited to protective gear, Immune-boosting supplementation kits, virocidal as well as bactericidal and fungicidal selective agents, anti-viral as well as anti-biotic and anti-fungal medications, anti-body plasma, mono-clonal antibodies, vaccines, therapeutics, et cetera...;

To deploy medical services upon the individual request of each State;

To dispense financial assistance to States for retrofitting or building new systems and amenities and maintaining such systems, amenities, for controlling in order to reduce the spread of communicable;

To distribute necessary medical treatments and equipment to States without prejudice, prioritizing for those of greatest clinical need;

To establish emergency medical treatment facilities for Pandemics and epidemics with surge capacity, which shall operate upon the explicit voluntary consent with their patients;

To Nationally produce the required essential medical equipment, through the Federal Department of Goods and Services, and freely distribute that equipment to each State’s Public sector medical facilities proportionately according to population;

To incorporate State Security agenda to protect the people from communicable diseases/pathogens;

To provide transparent reporting of and response to outbreaks as a policy;

To investigate into the origins of diseases/pathogens, routes of transmission, methods of protection against serious disease outcomes, Public education in the prevention of disease (as backed by scientific research and data), precautionary measures against [unknown] future threats; and developing treatments for such diseases/pathogens (including therapeutics, vaccines, anti-body infusions, protectants, and immune boosting agents);

To provide immunity level testing in addition to testing for disease;

To tailor clean, safe, effective, and fully disclosed vaccine boosters targeting dominant variants as they arise, in a timely manner;

To provide funding to States for mail delivery medicine for accessibility restricted, elderly, and exigent circumstances, like communities stricken by outbreaks of communicable disease. Tele-medicine will also be offered as an option for clients who feel more comfortable with suitable doctor’s checkups from the home;

To assist in the prevention and control of diseases through accurate education;

Genome sequencing of all epidemic, Pandemic, and Endemic pathogen (disease causing) with permission of the infected patient (consent based); And

To provide fully-voluntary quarantine facilities with surge capacity.

Sub-Section. 2.

Recognizing the fundamental right of individuals to life, liberty, and property, and the necessity for transparent, decentralized, and voluntary systems to ensure community survival in the face of catastrophic events, the following amendments are proposed to the Constitution. These amendments are informed by the principles of individual sovereignty, skepticism of centralized authority, and the imperative for public accountability, as championed by libertarian thinkers and independent media;

The Decentralized Federal Disaster Response and Management Unit, or "FDRMU", shall exist solely to coordinate, not monopolize or impose, disaster response, ensuring that private citizens, local communities, and voluntary associations retain the primary role in relief and preparedness.

All strategic reserves (food, fuel, medical supplies, NBC equipment) must be transparently inventoried and their locations published, ensuring public oversight and preventing government hoarding or misuse.

The FDRMU shall not infringe upon the right of private citizens or organizations to maintain independent reserves or to provide disaster relief.

Strategic reserves of food, fuel, medical supplies, and NBC (nuclear, biological, chemical) equipment shall be maintained in distributed, publicly accessible depots-never centralized under exclusive federal government control, but distributed among the several States.

All citizens, regardless of government or private status, shall have equal access to these reserves during declared emergencies, with transparent, publicly broadcast criteria for distribution.

Any attempt to restrict access based on political affiliation, bio-metric identification, prior conviction, or social credit systems is expressly forbidden.

Nuclear fallout shelters, equipped for nuclear, radiological, chemical, biological, and "zombie" pandemic scenarios, shall be constructed within walkable distance for all population centers, guided by early detection system coverage. Each shelter must include, but are not limited to: NBC equipment for every occupant; weapons and ammunition or equivalent; Independent water supply and recycling systems; Redundant power generation (solar, wind, backup generators); Food stores sufficient for at least six months per shelter occupant, capacity-rated and publicly posted; Numbered personal lockers for each citizen, unlinked to identity, to preserve privacy and prevent government tracking.

Spare clothing for each occupant, suitable for 1-2 years of use, recognizing that citizens may have no time to gather belongings in an emergency.

Shelters and stockpiles are to be managed by local volunteer committees, with regular public audits and livestreamed video feeds of inventory and conditions.

Recognizing the risks of solar cycles and regional seismic threats, strategic food and fuel reserves shall be maintained specifically for grand solar minimum scenarios and the Pacifica Subduction Zone, with at least two weeks of supplies per resident as recommended by emergency management professionals.

These reserves shall be located outside known floodplains and seismic liquefaction zones, with public maps and open access for inspection.

National stockpiles of wildfire-fighting equipment, filters, and synthetic air generation supplies shall be maintained and distributed equitably to both public agencies and private citizens.

A central, open-access government database shall track all reported wildfires, their current status, and include real-time webcam footage wherever available, ensuring radical transparency and public participation in disaster monitoring.

All disaster reporting (earthquake, solar flare, tsunami, hurricane, flooding, blizzard, volcano, et cetera) shall be open to public uploads and citizen science, with the FDRMU operating a network of sensors and weather stations whose data is freely accessible online.

The FDRMU must publicly broadcast, via free-to-air networks and internet streaming, all current disaster alerts and space weather predictions, ensuring no paywalls or censorship impede public access to life-saving information.

The system must be designed to empower local response and voluntary mutual aid, not to centralize control or restrict information flow.

No disaster, emergency, or force majeure event shall be used as a pretext to suspend the Bill of Rights, including but not limited to the First, Second, and Fourth Amendments.

The right to free speech, assembly, and to bear arms shall remain inviolable, and all disaster response activities must be subject to public scrutiny, independent media coverage, and civilian oversight.

All disaster preparedness and response programs must be opt-in at the community and individual level, with no compulsory participation or forced evacuation unless imminent and direct threat to life is proven by clear and convincing evidence.

Local communities shall have the right to manage their own disaster resources and protocols, with federal units acting only in a coordinating and supporting role, never as a command authority.

All contracts, expenditures, and resource allocations related to disaster preparedness and response must be published in real time, with blockchain-based public ledgers for maximum transparency.

Whistleblowers and independent investigators must be protected and empowered to report any misuse, fraud, or abuse within the FDRMU or related agencies.

No citizen shall be required to submit bio-metric data, digital identification, or participate in any government database as a condition for accessing disaster shelters, supplies, or aid.

Distribution systems must be designed to protect privacy and prevent the emergence of centralized control grids, activity logging, or surveillance infrastructure.

The FDRMU shall honor that: "In a free society, disaster resilience is built on voluntary cooperation, radical transparency, and the unyielding protection of individual rights. The government's only legitimate role is to facilitate-not control-the means by which free people secure their own survival."

SECTION. 12.

War is the most grievous failure of diplomacy and the gravest threat to liberty. No just nation shall pursue war for conquest, preemption, coercion, or prestige. Pacifica, as a society founded upon the principles of voluntary association, self-defense, and rightful liberty, declares these Rules of War in order to constrain the horrors of armed conflict, preserve our peace, and defend our people against true aggression.

Sub-Section 1: General Provisions

1.1 Anti-War Doctrine

Pacifica shall not engage in war except: In direct response to an actual invasion, armed attack, or unambiguous act of war against its sovereign territory, people, or legally recognized allies under mutual defense treaties;-And in defense of innocent lives under immediate threat when no peaceful recourse remains.

1.2 Strike-Second Policy

Pacifica shall adopt a strike-second doctrine: It shall never initiate hostilities, including preemptive strikes, assassinations, blockades, or cyberattacks.

It shall only respond to acts of war that are: Clearly attributable; Overt and material; Representing an imminent or actual threat to life, liberty, or territory.

Sub-Section 2: Just Cause and Legitimate Authority

2.1 Just Cause

War may only be waged when:

There has been an unlawful use of force or coercion by another party;

The sovereignty, lives, or rights of Pacifican persons are violated or placed in immediate danger;

All non-violent remedies have been exhausted or are clearly futile.

2.2 Legitimate Authority

Only the Pacifican Federal Assembly, via supermajority and public referendum, may declare war.

No executive or military body shall act unilaterally.

The people must be informed and their consent required in all declarations of war.

Sub-Section 3: Conduct of War

3.1 Proportionality and Necessity

Force used in retaliation shall be strictly proportional to the threat posed.

All military actions must be necessary, never punitive, vengeful, or ideological.

Destruction beyond defensive aims is forbidden.

3.2 Distinction and Non-Aggression

Civilians, non-combatants, and neutral persons shall never be targeted.

Weapons and tactics must be discriminating, capable of avoiding indiscriminate harm.

Nuclear, chemical, radiological, and biological weapons are forbidden.

3.3 Termination and Peace

War shall end immediately when the threat subsides.

No occupation, conquest, or extraction shall occur.

Peace must be pursued at all reasonable opportunities, with no demand for tribute or regime change.

SECTION 4: Forbidden Wars

Pacifica shall never enter a war for: Empire, expansion, or territorial gain; Preemption or speculative threats; Ideological crusades; Economic sanctions, resource acquisition, or trade enforcement; Allied entanglements not consented to by referendum; Civil war, unless secessionists violate the natural rights of others.

Sub-Section 5: Moral Duties in Wartime

5.1 Rights of Conscience

No person shall be compelled to bear arms against their conscience.

Conscientious objection shall be respected in both civil and military contexts.

5.2 Rights of the Enemy

Captured combatants shall be treated humanely and with due process.

Surrendering or incapacitated forces may not be harmed.

Prisoners of war shall have the right to communication, fair treatment, and repatriation when hostilities cease.

Sub-Section 6: Civil and Digital Warfare

6.1 Cyber Retaliation

Cyber operations may only be conducted if they are: Directly proportional, In response to cyberattacks causing material harm, Attributable to a hostile foreign entity, Fully reversible and non-lethal wherever possible.

6.2 Civil Defense

All persons have a right to aid in civil defense if the homeland is attacked.

The Militia of Sovereign Persons, as authorized in the Constitution, shall be mobilized only for defense.

Sub-Section 7: Restoration of Peace and Liberty

At war’s end, full civil rights must be restored without prejudice to former combatants.

No wartime emergency powers shall survive the cessation of hostilities.

Reconciliation and restitution shall be pursued wherever justice allows.

Pacifica shall hold fast to the maxim that the only just war is a war not initiated, and that defense of liberty is not license for tyranny, conquest, or domination. Let all force be bound by conscience, necessity, and law, for only then shall peace remain the natural condition of a free and sovereign people.

SECTION. 12.25.

[draft]
Pacifica in time of War shall wield force solely to defend the common good, repel aggression, and restore violated rights, never for aggrandizement, subjugation, or domination. War shall only be exercised for redress of wrongs, without religious or cultural imposition, or enslavement, where injustice otherwise treats the vanquished as a means.
[]
Pacifica shall not initiate, declare, or engage in any offensive war, including wars of aggression, preemptive strikes absent imminent threat, or conquest for territorial gain, resources, power, glory, or expansionist ends. No annexation, subjugation, or permanent alteration of sovereignty shall result from Pacifica’s military action, absent a defensive just cause rectified post-hostilities.
[]
Military force is authorized only for defensive just wars meeting all these jus ad bellum criteria: Just Cause: Response to armed attack, imminent invasion, or grave rights violations (e.g., genocide, enslavement) against Pacifica, its citizens, allies under mutual defense pacts, or innocents under Pacifica’s legitimate protection. Legitimate Authority: Declaration by Congress upon affirmative vote of two-thirds majority, certified by the President, with judicial review for compliance. Right Intention: Aimed solely at repelling aggression, protecting innocents, and restoring peace, expressly prohibiting motives of revenge, economic gain, cultural/religious imposition, or treating vanquished peoples as means. Last Resort: All diplomatic, economic, and non-violent remedies exhausted, verified by independent commission report. Proportionality and Discrimination: Force limited to necessities of defense; non-combatants spared; no collective punishment, enslavement, or resource plunder. Reasonable Prospect of Success: Assessable likelihood of achieving defensive aims without disproportionate harm.
[]
All operations shall adhere to proportionality, distinction between combatants/non-combatants, and minimal necessary force. Post-hostilities (jus post bellum): No occupation beyond security needs; restoration of self-governance; reparations only for direct harms inflicted on Pacifica; no imposed ideologies, resource extraction, or puppet regimes.
[]
An independent body (composed of scholars, jurists, ethicists, and randomly selected honorably discharged in addition to also retired service members), hereby referred to as the "War Powers Commission" shall review all authorizations pre- and post-conflict, with public reports. The Supreme Court shall have jurisdiction of review over challenges to war declarations; violations trigger impeachment, injunctions, or officer prosecutions. Officials authorizing prohibited wars shall face the full brunt of treason charges; military personnel disobeying offensive orders are to be shielded from liability.
[draft]

No government artificial intelligence system shall be developed, trained, deployed, or utilized to autonomously launch, fire, detonate, or otherwise employ lethal weaponry without direct and informed human authorization at the time of action. No government artificial intelligence system shall be developed, trained, deployed, or utilized for monitoring of Individuals or threat assessment/prediction without a [non-general] at home or abroad judicial warrant or explicit authorization consistent with the full extent of constitutional due process protections present in this document. The prohibitions of this Provision shall extend to all stages of the automaton/automation lifecycle, including design, training, testing, and operational deployment, whether by federal, state, or un-organized militarial and militia forces (the "Armed Forces"). Human accountability shall remain paramount in all command and control decisions involving the potential for harm, ensuring that responsibility for the use of force rests solely with authorized human personnel.

SECTION. 12.5

Insofar as the powers of congress remain unimpaired to add rules of martial conduct alongside this section by legislative action, and upon revocable consent to treaties, to international instruments of law such as conventions on modern warfare, the following laws of war are prescribed to be followed by all members of the armed forces of Pacifica along with the Commander-in-achief, including by Self-Organized Private Militias:

Sub-Section. 1.

A place, district, or country occupied by an enemy stands, in consequence of the occupation, under the Martial Law of the invading or occupying army, whether any proclamation declaring Martial Law, or any public warning to the inhabitants, has been issued or not. Martial Law is the immediate and direct effect and consequence of occupation or conquest.

The presence of a hostile army proclaims its Martial Law.

Sub-Section. 2.

Martial Law does not cease during the hostile occupation, except by special proclamation, ordered by the commander in chief; or by special mention in the treaty of peace concluding the war, when the occupation of a place or territory continues beyond the conclusion of peace as one of the conditions of the same.

Sub-Section. 3.

Martial Law in a hostile country consists in the suspension, by the occupying military authority, of the criminal and civil law, and of the domestic administration and government in the occupied place or territory, and in the substitution of military rule and force for the same, as well as in the dictation of general laws, as far as military necessity requires this suspension, substitution, or dictation.

The commander of the forces may proclaim that the administration of all civil and penal law shall continue either wholly or in part, as in times of peace, unless otherwise ordered by the military authority.

Sub-Section. 4.

Martial Law is simply military authority exercised in accordance with the laws and usages of war. Military oppression is not Martial Law: it is the abuse of the power which that law confers. As Martial Law is executed by military force, it is incumbent upon those who administer it to be strictly guided by the principles of justice, honor, and humanity - virtues adorning a soldier even more than other men, for the very reason that he possesses the power of his arms against the unarmed.

Sub-Section. 5.

Martial Law should be less stringent in places and countries fully occupied and fairly conquered. Much greater severity may be exercised in places or regions where actual hostilities exist, or are expected and must be prepared for. Its most complete sway is allowed – even in the commander’s own country – when face to face with the enemy, because of the absolute necessities of the case, and of the paramount duty to defend the country against invasion.

To save the country is paramount to all other considerations.

Sub-Section. 6.

All civil and penal law shall continue to take its usual course in the enemy’s places and territories under Martial Law, unless interrupted or stopped by order of the occupying military power; but all the functions of the hostile government – legislative executive, or administrative – whether of a general, provincial, or local character, cease under Martial Law, or continue only with the sanction, or, if deemed necessary, the participation of the occupier or invader.

Sub-Section. 7.

Martial Law extends to property, and to persons, whether they are subjects of the enemy or aliens to that government.

Sub-Section. 8.

Consuls, among Pacifica and leagues of nations, are not diplomatic agents. Nevertheless, their offices and persons will be subjected to Martial Law in cases of urgent necessity only: their property and business are not exempted. Any delinquency they commit against the established military rule may be punished as in the case of any other inhabitant, and such punishment furnishes no reasonable ground for international complaint.

Sub-Section. 9.

The functions of Ambassadors, Ministers, or other diplomatic agents accredited by neutral powers to the hostile government, cease, so far as regards the displaced government; but the conquering or occupying power usually recognizes them as temporarily accredited to itself.

Sub-Section. 10.

Martial Law affects chiefly the police and collection of public revenue and taxes, whether imposed by the expelled government or by the invader, and refers mainly to the support and efficiency of the army, its safety, and the safety of its operations.

Sub-Section. 11.

The law of war does not only disclaim all cruelty and bad faith concerning engagements concluded with the enemy during the war, but also the breaking of stipulations solemnly contracted by the belligerents in time of peace, and avowedly intended to remain in force in case of war between the contracting powers.

It disclaims all extortions and other transactions for individual gain; all acts of private revenge, or connivance at such acts.

Offenses to the contrary shall be severely punished, and especially so if committed by officers.

Sub-Section. 12.

Whenever feasible, Martial Law is carried out in cases of individual offenders by Military Courts; but sentences of death shall be executed only with the approval of the chief executive, provided the urgency of the case does not require a speedier execution, and then only with the approval of the chief commander.

Sub-Section. 13.

Military jurisdiction is of two kinds: First, that which is conferred and defined by statute; second, that which is derived from the common law of war. Military offenses under the statute law must be tried in the manner therein directed; but military offenses which do not come within the statute must be tried and punished under the common law of war. The character of the courts which exercise these jurisdictions depends upon the local laws of each particular country.

In the armies of Pacifica the first is exercised by courts-martial, while cases which do not come within the “Rules and Articles of War,” or the jurisdiction conferred by statute on courts-martial, are tried by military commissions.

Sub-Section. 14.

Military necessity, as understood by modern civilized nations, consists in the necessity of those measures which are indispensable for securing the ends of the war, and which are lawful according to the modern law and usages of war.

Sub-Section. 15.

Military necessity admits of all direct destruction of life or limb of armed enemies, and of other persons whose destruction is incidentally unavoidable in the armed contests of the war; it allows of the capturing of every armed enemy, and every enemy of importance to the hostile government, or of peculiar danger to the captor; it allows of all destruction of property, and obstruction of the ways and channels of traffic, travel, or communication, and of all withholding of sustenance or means of life from the enemy; of the appropriation of whatever an enemy’s country affords necessary for the subsistence and safety of the army, and of such deception as does not involve the breaking of good faith either positively pledged, regarding agreements entered into during the war, or supposed by the modern law of war to exist. Men who take up arms against one another in public war do not cease on this account to be moral beings, responsible to one another and to All That Is.

Sub-Section. 16.

Military necessity does not admit of cruelty – that is, the infliction of suffering for the sake of suffering or for revenge, nor of maiming or wounding except in fight, nor of torture to extort confessions. It does not admit of the use of poison in any way, nor of the wanton devastation of a district. It admits of deception, but disclaims acts of perfidy; and, in general, military necessity does not include any act of hostility which makes the return to peace unnecessarily difficult.

Sub-Section. 17.

War is not carried on by arms alone. It is lawful to starve the hostile belligerent, armed or unarmed, so that it leads to the speedier subjection of the enemy.

Sub-Section. 18.

When a commander of a besieged place expels the noncombatants, in order to lessen the number of those who consume his stock of provisions, it is lawful, though an extreme measure, to drive them back, so as to hasten on the surrender.

Sub-Section. 19.

Commanders, whenever admissible, inform the enemy of their intention to bombard a place, so that the noncombatants, and especially the women and children, may be removed before the bombardment commences. But it is no infraction of the common law of war to omit thus to inform the enemy. Surprise may be a necessity.

Sub-Section. 20.

Public war is a state of armed hostility between sovereign nations or governments. It is a law and requisite of civilized existence that men live in political, continuous societies, forming organized units, called states or nations, whose constituents bear, enjoy, suffer, advance and retrograde together, in peace and in war.

Sub-Section. 21.

The citizen or native of a hostile country is thus an enemy, as one of the constituents of the hostile state or nation, and as such is subjected to the hardships of the war.

Sub-Section. 22.

Nevertheless, as civilization has advanced during the last centuries, so has likewise steadily advanced, especially in war on land, the distinction between the private individual belonging to a hostile country and the hostile country itself, with its men in arms. The principle has been more and more acknowledged that the unarmed citizen is to be spared in person, property, and honor as much as the exigencies of war will admit.

Sub-Section. 23.

Private citizens are no longer murdered, enslaved, or carried off to distant parts, and the inoffensive individual is as little disturbed in his private relations as the commander of the hostile troops can afford to grant in the overruling demands of a vigorous war.

Sub-Section. 24.

The almost universal rule in remote times was, and continues to be with barbarous armies, that the private individual of the hostile country is destined to suffer every privation of liberty and protection, and every disruption of family ties. Protection was, and still is with uncivilized people, the exception.

Sub-Section. 25.

In modern regular wars of the various nations, and their descendants in other portions of the globe, protection of the inoffensive citizen of the hostile country is the rule; privation and disturbance of private relations are the exceptions.

Sub-Section. 26.

Commanding generals may cause the magistrates and civil officers of the hostile country to take the oath of temporary allegiance or an oath of fidelity to their own victorious government or rulers, and they may expel everyone who declines to do so. But whether they do so or not, the people and their civil officers owe strict obedience to them as long as they hold sway over the district or country, at the peril of their lives.

Sub-Section. 27.

The law of war can no more wholly dispense with retaliation than can the law of nations, of which it is a branch. Yet civilized nations acknowledge retaliation as the sternest feature of war. A reckless enemy often leaves to his opponent no other means of securing himself against the repetition of barbarous outrage.

Sub-Section. 28.

Retaliation will, therefore, never be resorted to as a measure of mere revenge, but only as a means of protective retribution, and moreover, cautiously and unavoidably; that is to say, retaliation shall only be resorted to after careful inquiry into the real occurrence, and the character of the misdeeds that may demand retribution.

Unjust or inconsiderate retaliation removes the belligerents farther and farther from the mitigating rules of regular war, and by rapid steps leads them nearer to the internecine wars of savages.

Sub-Section. 29.

Modern times are distinguished from earlier ages by the existence, at one and the same time, of many nations and great governments related to one another in close intercourse.

Peace is their normal condition; war is the exception. The ultimate object of all modern war is a renewed state of peace.

The more vigorously wars are pursued, the better it is for humanity. Sharp wars are brief.

Sub-Section. 30.

Ever since the formation and coexistence of modern nations, and ever since wars have become great national wars, war has come to be acknowledged not to be its own end, but the means to obtain great ends of state, or to consist in defense against wrong; and no conventional restriction of the modes adopted to injure the enemy is any longer admitted; but the law of war imposes many limitations and restrictions on principles of justice, faith, and honor.

Sub-Section. 31.

A victorious army appropriates all public money, seizes all public movable property until further direction by its government, and sequesters for its own benefit or of that of its government all the revenues of real property belonging to the hostile government or nation. The title to such real property remains in abeyance during military occupation, and until the conquest is made complete.

Sub-Section. 32.

A victorious army, by the martial power inherent in the same, may suspend, change, or abolish, as far as the martial power extends, the relations which arise from the services due, according to the existing laws of the invaded country, from one citizen, subject, or native of the same to another.

The commander of the army must leave it to the ultimate treaty of peace to settle the permanency of this change.

Sub-Section. 33.

It is no longer considered lawful – on the contrary, it is held to be a serious breach of the law of war – to force the subjects of the enemy into the service of the victorious government, except the latter should proclaim, after a fair and complete conquest of the hostile country or district, that it is resolved to keep the country, district, or place permanently as its own and make it a portion of its own country.

Sub-Section. 34.

As a general rule, the property belonging to churches, to hospitals, or other establishments of an exclusively charitable character, to establishments of education, or foundations for the promotion of knowledge, whether public schools, universities, academies of learning or observatories, museums of the fine arts, or of a scientific character such property is not to be considered public property in the sense of paragraph 31; but it may be taxed or used when the public service may require it.

Sub-Section. 35.

Classical works of art, libraries, scientific collections, or precious instruments, such as astronomical telescopes, as well as hospitals, must be secured against all avoidable injury, even when they are contained in fortified places whilst besieged or bombarded.

Sub-Section. 36.

If such works of art, libraries, collections, or instruments belonging to a hostile nation or government, can be removed without injury, the ruler of the conquering state or nation may order them to be seized and removed for the benefit of the said nation. The ultimate ownership is to be settled by the ensuing treaty of peace.

In no case shall they be sold or given away, if captured by the armies of Pacifica, nor shall they ever be privately appropriated, or wantonly destroyed or injured.

Sub-Section. 37.

Pacifica acknowledge and protect, in hostile countries occupied by them, religion and morality; strictly private property; the persons of the inhabitants, especially those of women: and the sacredness of domestic relations. Offenses to the contrary shall be rigorously punished.

This rule does not interfere with the right of the victorious invader to levy forced loans, to billet soldiers, or to appropriate property, especially houses, lands, boats or ships, and churches, for temporary and military uses

Sub-Section. 38.

Private property, unless forfeited by crimes or by offenses of the owner, can be seized only by way of military necessity, for the support or other benefit of the army or of Pacifica.

If the owner has not fled, the commanding officer will cause receipts to be given, which may serve the spoliated owner to obtain indemnity.

Sub-Section. 39.

The salaries of civil officers of the hostile government who remain in the invaded territory, and continue the work of their office, and can continue it according to the circumstances arising out of the war, such as judges, administrative or police officers, officers of city or communal governments, are paid from the public revenue of the invaded territory, until the military government has reason wholly or partially to discontinue it. Salaries or incomes connected with purely honorary titles are always stopped.

Sub-Section. 40.

There exists no law or body of authoritative rules of action between hostile armies, except that branch of the law of nature and nations which is called the law and usages of war on land.

Sub-Section. 41.

All municipal law of the ground on which the armies stand, or of the countries to which they belong, is silent and of no effect between armies in the field.

Sub-Section. 42.

Slavery, complicating and confounding the ideas of property, (that is of a thing,) and of personality, (that is of humanity,) exists according to municipal or local law only. The law of nature and nations has never acknowledged it. The digest of the Roman law enacts the early dictum of the pagan jurist, that “so far as the law of nature is concerned, all men are equal.” Fugitives escaping from a country in which they were slaves, villains, or serfs, into another country, have, for centuries past, been held free and acknowledged free by judicial decisions of various countries.

Sub-Section. 43.

Therefore, in a war between Pacifica and a belligerent which admits of slavery, if a person held in bondage by that belligerent be captured by or come as a fugitive under the protection of the military forces of Pacifica, such person is immediately entitled to the rights and privileges of a freeman To return such person into slavery would amount to enslaving a free person, and neither Pacifica nor any officer under their authority can enslave any human being. Moreover, a person so made free by the law of war is under the shield of the law of nations, and the former owner or State can have, by the law of postliminy, no belligerent lien or claim of service.

Sub-Section. 44.

All wanton violence committed against persons in the invaded country, all destruction of property not commanded by the authorized officer, all robbery, all pillage or sacking, even after taking a place by main force, all rape, wounding, maiming, or killing of such inhabitants, are prohibited under the penalty of death, or such other severe punishment as may seem adequate for the gravity of the offense.

A soldier, officer or private, in the act of committing such violence, and disobeying a superior ordering him to abstain from it, may be lawfully killed on the spot by such superior.

Sub-Section. 45.

All captures and booty belong, according to the modern law of war, primarily to the government of the captor.

Prize money, whether on sea or land, can now only be claimed under local law.

Sub-Section. 46.

Neither officers nor soldiers are allowed to make use of their position or power in the hostile country for private gain, not even for commercial transactions otherwise legitimate. Offenses to the contrary committed by commissioned officers will be punished with cashiering or such other punishment as the nature of the offense may require; if by soldiers, they shall be punished according to the nature of the offense.

Sub-Section. 47.

Crimes punishable by all penal codes, such as arson, murder, maiming, assaults, highway robbery, theft, burglary, fraud, forgery, and rape, if committed by an Pacifican soldier in a hostile country against its inhabitants, are not only punishable as at home, but in all cases in which death is not inflicted, the severer punishment shall be preferred.

Sub-Section. 48.

Deserters from the Pacifican Army, having entered the service of the enemy, suffer death if they fall again into the hands of Pacifica, whether by capture, or being delivered up to the Pacifican Army; and if a deserter from the enemy, having taken service in the Army of Pacifica, is captured by the enemy, and punished by them with death or otherwise, it is not a breach against the law and usages of war, requiring redress or retaliation.

Sub-Section. 49.

A prisoner of war is a public enemy armed or attached to the hostile army for active aid, who has fallen into the hands of the captor, either fighting or wounded, on the field or in the hospital, by individual surrender or by capitulation.

All soldiers, of whatever species of arms; all men who belong to the rising en masse of the hostile country; all those who are attached to the army for its efficiency and promote directly the object of the war, except such as are hereinafter provided for; all disabled men or officers on the field or elsewhere, if captured; all enemies who have thrown away their arms and ask for quarter, are prisoners of war, and as such exposed to the inconveniences as well as entitled to the privileges of a prisoner of war.

Sub-Section. 50.

Moreover, citizens who accompany an army for whatever purpose, such as sutlers, editors, or reporters of journals, or contractors, if captured, may be made prisoners of war, and be detained as such.

The monarch and members of the hostile reigning family, male or female, the chief, and chief officers of the hostile government, its diplomatic agents, and all persons who are of particular and singular use and benefit to the hostile army or its government, are, if captured on belligerent ground, and if unprovided with a safe conduct granted by the captor’s government, prisoners of war.

Sub-Section. 51.

If the people of that portion of an invaded country which is not yet occupied by the enemy, or of the whole country, at the approach of a hostile army, rise, under a duly authorized levy en masse to resist the invader, they are now treated as public enemies, and, if captured, are prisoners of war.

Sub-Section. 52.

No belligerent has the right to declare that he will treat every captured man in arms of a levy en masse as a brigand or bandit. If, however, the people of a country, or any portion of the same, already occupied by an army, rise against it, they are violators of the laws of war, and are not entitled to their protection.

Sub-Section. 53.

The enemy’s chaplains, officers of the medical staff, apothecaries, hospital nurses and servants, if they fall into the hands of the Pacifican Army, are not prisoners of war, unless the commander has reasons to retain them. In this latter case; or if, at their own desire, they are allowed to remain with their captured companions, they are treated as prisoners of war, and may be exchanged if the commander sees fit.

Sub-Section. 54.

A hostage is a person accepted as a pledge for the fulfillment of an agreement concluded between belligerents during the war, or in consequence of a war. Hostages are rare in the present age.

Sub-Section. 55.

If a hostage is accepted, he is treated like a prisoner of war, according to rank and condition, as circumstances may admit.

Sub-Section. 56.

A prisoner of war is subject to no punishment for being a public enemy, nor is any revenge wreaked upon him by the intentional infliction of any suffering, or disgrace, by cruel imprisonment, want of food, by mutilation, death, or any other barbarity.

Sub-Section. 57.

So soon as a man is armed by a sovereign government and takes the soldier’s oath of fidelity, he is a belligerent; his killing, wounding, or other warlike acts are not individual crimes or offenses. No belligerent has a right to declare that enemies of a certain class, color, or condition, when properly organized as soldiers, will not be treated by him as public enemies.

Sub-Section. 58.

The law of nations knows of no distinction of color, and if an enemy of Pacifica should enslave and sell any captured persons of their army, it would be a case for the severest retaliation, if not redressed upon complaint.

Pacifica cannot retaliate by enslavement; therefore death must be the retaliation for this crime against the law of nations.

Sub-Section. 59.

A prisoner of war remains answerable for his crimes committed against the captor’s army or people, committed before he was captured, and for which he has not been punished by his own authorities.

All prisoners of war are liable to the infliction of retaliatory measures.

Sub-Section. 60.

It is against the usage of modern war to resolve, in hatred and revenge, to give no quarter. No body of troops has the right to declare that it will not give, and therefore will not expect, quarter; but a commander is permitted to direct his troops to give no quarter, in great straits, when his own salvation makes it impossible to cumber himself with prisoners.

Sub-Section. 61.

Troops that give no quarter have no right to kill enemies already disabled on the ground, or prisoners captured by other troops.

Sub-Section. 62.

All troops of the enemy known or discovered to give no quarter in general, or to any portion of the army, receive none.

Sub-Section. 63.

Troops who fight in the uniform of their enemies, without any plain, striking, and uniform mark of distinction of their own, can expect no quarter.

Sub-Section. 64.

If Pacifican troops capture a train containing uniforms of the enemy, and the commander considers it advisable to distribute them for use among his men, some striking mark or sign must be adopted to distinguish the Pacifican soldier from the enemy.

Sub-Section. 65.

The use of the enemy’s national standard, flag, or other emblem of nationality, for the purpose of deceiving the enemy in battle, is an act of perfidy by which they lose all claim to the protection of the laws of war.

Sub-Section. 66.

Quarter having been given to an enemy by Pacifican troops, under a misapprehension of his true character, he may, nevertheless, be ordered to suffer death if, within three days after the battle, it be discovered that he belongs to a corps which gives no quarter.

Sub-Section. 67.

The law of nations allows every sovereign government to make war upon another sovereign state, and, therefore, admits of no rules or laws different from those of regular warfare, regarding the treatment of prisoners of war, although they may belong to the army of a government which the captor may consider as a wanton and unjust assailant.

Sub-Section. 68.

Modern wars are not internecine wars, in which the killing of the enemy is the object. The destruction of the enemy in modern war, and, indeed, modern war itself, are means to obtain that object of the belligerent which lies beyond the war.

Unnecessary or revengeful destruction of life is not lawful.

Sub-Section. 69.

Outposts, sentinels, or pickets are not to be fired upon, except to drive them in, or when a positive order, special or general, has been issued to that effect.

Sub-Section. 70.

The use of poison in any manner, be it to poison wells, or food, or arms, is wholly excluded from modern warfare. He that uses it puts himself out of the pale of the law and usages of war.

Sub-Section. 71.

Whoever intentionally inflicts additional wounds on an enemy already wholly disabled, or kills such an enemy, or who orders or encourages soldiers to do so, shall suffer death, if duly convicted, whether he belongs to the Army of Pacifica, or is an enemy captured after having committed his misdeed.

Sub-Section. 72.

Money and other valuables on the person of a prisoner, such as watches or jewelry, as well as extra clothing, are regarded by the Pacifican Army as the private property of the prisoner, and the appropriation of such valuables or money is considered dishonorable, and is prohibited. Nevertheless, if large sums are found upon the persons of prisoners, or in their possession, they shall be taken from them, and the surplus, after providing for their own support, appropriated for the use of the army, under the direction of the commander, unless otherwise ordered by the government. Nor can prisoners claim, as private property, large sums found and captured in their train, although they have been placed in the private luggage of the prisoners.

Sub-Section. 73.

All officers, when captured, must surrender their side arms to the captor. They may be restored to the prisoner in marked cases, by the commander, to signalize admiration of his distinguished bravery or approbation of his humane treatment of prisoners before his capture. The captured officer to whom they may be restored cannot wear them during captivity.

Sub-Section. 74.

A prisoner of war, being a public enemy, is the prisoner of the government, and not of the captor. No ransom can be paid by a prisoner of war to his individual captor or to any officer in command. The government alone releases captives, according to rules prescribed by itself.

Sub-Section. 75.

Prisoners of war are subject to confinement or imprisonment such as may be deemed necessary on account of safety, but they are to be subjected to no other intentional suffering or indignity. The confinement and mode of treating a prisoner may be varied during his captivity according to the demands of safety.

Sub-Section. 76.

Prisoners of war shall be fed upon plain and wholesome food, whenever practicable, and treated with humanity. They may be required to work for the benefit of the captor’s government, according to their rank and condition.

Sub-Section. 77.

A prisoner of war who escapes may be shot or otherwise killed in his flight; but neither death nor any other punishment shall be inflicted upon him simply for his attempt to escape, which the law of war does not consider a crime. Stricter means of security shall be used after an unsuccessful attempt at escape.

If, however, a conspiracy is discovered, the purpose of which is a united or general escape, the conspirators may be rigorously punished, even with death; and capital punishment may also be inflicted upon prisoners of war discovered to have plotted rebellion against the authorities of the captors, whether in union with fellow prisoners or other persons.

Sub-Section. 78.

If prisoners of war, having given no pledge nor made any promise on their honor, forcibly or otherwise escape, and are captured again in battle after having rejoined their own army, they shall not be punished for their escape, but shall be treated as simple prisoners of war, although they will be subjected to stricter confinement.

Sub-Section. 79.

Every captured wounded enemy shall be medically treated, according to the ability of the medical staff.

Sub-Section. 80.

Honorable men, when captured, will abstain from giving to the enemy information concerning their own army, and the modern law of war permits no longer the use of any violence against prisoners in order to extort the desired information or to punish them for having given false information.

Sub-Section. 81.

Partisans are soldiers armed and wearing the uniform of their army, but belonging to a corps which acts detached from the main body for the purpose of making inroads into the territory occupied by the enemy. If captured, they are entitled to all the privileges of the prisoner of war.

Sub-Section. 82.

Men, or squads of men, who commit hostilities, whether by fighting, or inroads for destruction or plunder, or by raids of any kind, without commission, without being part and portion of the organized hostile army, and without sharing continuously in the war, but who do so with intermitting returns to their homes and avocations, or with the occasional assumption of the semblance of peaceful pursuits, divesting themselves of the character or appearance of soldiers – such men, or squads of men, are not public enemies, and, therefore, if captured, are not entitled to the privileges of prisoners of war, but shall be treated summarily as highway robbers or pirates.

Sub-Section. 83.

Scouts, or single soldiers, if disguised in the dress of the country or in the uniform of the army hostile to their own, employed in obtaining information, if found within or lurking about the lines of the captor, are treated as spies, and suffer death.

Sub-Section. 84.

Armed prowlers, by whatever names they may be called, or persons of the enemy’s territory, who steal within the lines of the hostile army for the purpose of robbing, killing, or of destroying bridges, roads or canals, or of robbing or destroying the mail, or of cutting the telegraph wires, are not entitled to the privileges of the prisoner of war.

Sub-Section. 85.

War-insurrectionists are persons within an occupied territory who rise in arms against the occupying or conquering army, or against the authorities established by the same. If captured, they may suffer death, whether they rise singly, in small or large bands, and whether called upon to do so by their own, but expelled, government or not. They are not prisoners of war; nor are they if discovered and secured before their conspiracy has matured to an actual rising or armed violence.

Sub-Section. 86.

All intercourse between the territories occupied by belligerent armies, whether by traffic, by letter, by travel, or in any other way, ceases. This is the general rule, to be observed without special proclamation.

Exceptions to this rule, whether by safe-conduct, or permission to trade on a small or large scale, or by exchanging mails, or by travel from one territory into the other, can take place only according to agreement approved by the government, or by the highest military authority.

Contraventions of this rule are highly punishable.

Sub-Section. 87.

Ambassadors, and all other diplomatic agents of neutral powers, accredited to the enemy, may receive safe-conducts through the territories occupied by the belligerents, unless there are military reasons to the contrary, and unless they may reach the place of their destination conveniently by another route. It implies no international affront if the safe-conduct is declined. Such passes are usually given by the supreme authority of the State, and not by subordinate officers.

Sub-Section. 88.

A spy is a person who secretly, in disguise or under false pretense, seeks information with the intention of communicating it to the enemy.

The spy is punishable with death by hanging by the neck, whether or not he succeed in obtaining the information or in conveying it to the enemy.

Sub-Section. 89.

If a citizen of Pacifica obtains information in a legitimate manner, and betrays it to the enemy, be he a military or civil officer, or a private citizen, he shall suffer death.

Sub-Section. 90.

A traitor under the law of war, or a war-traitor, is a person in a place or district under Martial Law who, unauthorized by the military commander, gives information of any kind to the enemy, or holds intercourse with him.

Sub-Section. 91.

The war-traitor is always severely punished. If his offense consists in betraying to the enemy anything concerning the condition, safety, operations, or plans of the troops holding or occupying the place or district, his punishment is death.

Sub-Section. 92.

If the citizen or subject of a country or place invaded or conquered gives information to his own government, from which he is separated by the hostile army, or to the army of his government, he is a war-traitor, and death is the penalty of his offense.

Sub-Section. 93.

All armies in the field stand in need of guides, and impress them if they cannot obtain them otherwise.

Sub-Section. 94.

No person having been forced by the enemy to serve as guide is punishable for having done so.

Sub-Section. 95.

If a citizen of a hostile and invaded district voluntarily serves as a guide to the enemy, or offers to do so, he is deemed a war-traitor, and shall suffer death.

Sub-Section. 96.

A citizen serving voluntarily as a guide against his own country commits treason, and will be dealt with according to the law of his country.

Sub-Section. 97.

Guides, when it is clearly proved that they have misled intentionally, may be put to death.

Sub-Section. 98.

An unauthorized or secret communication with the enemy is considered treasonable by the law of war.

Foreign residents in an invaded or occupied territory, or foreign visitors in the same, can claim no immunity from this law. They may communicate with foreign parts, or with the inhabitants of the hostile country, so far as the military authority permits, but no further. Instant expulsion from the occupied territory would be the very least punishment for the infraction of this rule.

Sub-Section. 99.

A messenger carrying written dispatches or verbal messages from one portion of the army, or from a besieged place, to another portion of the same army, or its government, if armed, and in the uniform of his army, and if captured, while doing so, in the territory occupied by the enemy, is treated by the captor as a prisoner of war. If not in uniform, nor a soldier, the circumstances connected with his capture must determine the disposition that shall be made of him.

Sub-Section. 100.

A messenger or agent who attempts to steal through the territory occupied by the enemy, to further, in any manner, the interests of the enemy, if captured, is not entitled to the privileges of the prisoner of war, and may be dealt with according to the circumstances of the case.
Sub-Section. 101.

While deception in war is admitted as a just and necessary means of hostility, and is consistent with honorable warfare, the common law of war allows even capital punishment for clandestine or treacherous attempts to injure an enemy, because they are so dangerous, and it is difficult to guard against them.

Sub-Section. 102.

The law of war, like the criminal law regarding other offenses, makes no difference on account of the difference of sexes, concerning the spy, the war-traitor, or the war-rebel.

Sub-Section. 103.

Spies, war-traitors, and war-insurrectionists are not exchanged according to the common law of war. The exchange of such persons would require a special cartel, authorized by the government, or, at a great distance from it, by the chief commander of the army in the field.

Sub-Section. 104.

A successful spy or war-traitor, safely returned to his own army, and afterwards captured as an enemy, is not subject to punishment for his acts as a spy or war-traitor, but he may be held in closer custody as a person individually dangerous.

Sub-Section. 105.

Exchanges of prisoners take place – number for number – rank for rank wounded for wounded – with added condition for added condition – such, for instance, as not to serve for a certain period.

Sub-Section. 106.

In exchanging prisoners of war, such numbers of persons of inferior rank may be substituted as an equivalent for one of superior rank as may be agreed upon by cartel, which requires the sanction of the government, or of the commander of the army in the field.

Sub-Section. 107.

A prisoner of war is in honor bound truly to state to the captor his rank; and he is not to assume a lower rank than belongs to him, in order to cause a more advantageous exchange, nor a higher rank, for the purpose of obtaining better treatment.

Offenses to the contrary have been justly punished by the commanders of released prisoners, and may be good cause for refusing to release such prisoners.

Sub-Section. 108.

The surplus number of prisoners of war remaining after an exchange has taken place is sometimes released either for the payment of a stipulated sum of money, or, in urgent cases, of provision, clothing, or other necessaries.

Such arrangement, however, requires the sanction of the highest authority.

Sub-Section. 109.

The exchange of prisoners of war is an act of convenience to both belligerents. If no general cartel has been concluded, it cannot be demanded by either of them. No belligerent is obliged to exchange prisoners of war.

A cartel is voidable as soon as either party has violated it.

Sub-Section. 110.

No exchange of prisoners shall be made except after complete capture, and after an accurate account of them, and a list of the captured officers, has been taken.

Sub-Section. 111.

The bearer of a flag of truce cannot insist upon being admitted. He must always be admitted with great caution. Unnecessary frequency is carefully to be avoided.

Sub-Section. 112.

If the bearer of a flag of truce offer himself during an engagement, he can be admitted as a very rare exception only. It is no breach of good faith to retain such flag of truce, if admitted during the engagement. Firing is not required to cease on the appearance of a flag of truce in battle.

Sub-Section. 113.

If the bearer of a flag of truce, presenting himself during an engagement, is killed or wounded, it furnishes no ground of complaint whatever.

Sub-Section. 114.

If it be discovered, and fairly proved, that a flag of truce has been abused for surreptitiously obtaining military knowledge, the bearer of the flag thus abusing his sacred character is deemed a spy.

So sacred is the character of a flag of truce, and so necessary is its sacredness, that while its abuse is an especially heinous offense, great caution is requisite, on the other hand, in convicting the bearer of a flag of truce as a spy.

Sub-Section. 115.

It is customary to designate by certain flags (usually yellow) the hospitals in places which are shelled, so that the besieging enemy may avoid firing on them. The same has been done in battles, when hospitals are situated within the field of the engagement.

Sub-Section. 116.

Honorable belligerents often request that the hospitals within the territory of the enemy may be designated, so that they may be spared. An honorable belligerent allows himself to be guided by flags or signals of protection as much as the contingencies and the necessities of the fight will permit.

Sub-Section. 117.

It is justly considered an act of bad faith, of infamy or fiendishness, to deceive the enemy by flags of protection. Such act of bad faith may be good cause for refusing to respect such flags.

Sub-Section. 118.

The besieging belligerent has sometimes requested the besieged to designate the buildings containing collections of works of art, scientific museums, astronomical observatories, or precious libraries, so that their destruction may be avoided as much as possible.

Sub-Section. 119.

Prisoners of war may be released from captivity by exchange, and, under certain circumstances, also by parole.

Sub-Section. 120.

The term Parole designates the pledge of individual good faith and honor to do, or to omit doing, certain acts after he who gives his parole shall have been dismissed, wholly or partially, from the power of the captor.

Sub-Section. 121.

The pledge of the parole is always an individual, but not a private act.

Sub-Section. 122.

The parole applies chiefly to prisoners of war whom the captor allows to return to their country, or to live in greater freedom within the captor’s country or territory, on conditions stated in the parole.

Sub-Section. 123.

Release of prisoners of war by exchange is the general rule; release by parole is the exception.

Sub-Section. 124.

Breaking the parole is punished with death when the person breaking the parole is captured again.

Accurate lists, therefore, of the paroled persons must be kept by the belligerents.

Sub-Section. 125.

When paroles are given and received there must be an exchange of two written documents, in which the name and rank of the paroled individuals are accurately and truthfully stated.

Sub-Section. 126.

Commissioned officers only are allowed to give their parole, and they can give it only with the permission of their superior, as long as a superior in rank is within reach.

Sub-Section. 127.

No noncommissioned officer or private can give his parole except through an officer. Individual paroles not given through an officer are not only void, but subject the individuals giving them to the punishment of death as deserters. The only admissible exception is where individuals, properly separated from their commands, have suffered long confinement without the possibility of being paroled through an officer.

Sub-Section. 128.

No paroling on the battlefield; no paroling of entire bodies of troops after a battle; and no dismissal of large numbers of prisoners, with a general declaration that they are paroled, is permitted, or of any value.

Sub-Section. 129.

In capitulations for the surrender of strong places or fortified camps the commanding officer, in cases of urgent necessity, may agree that the troops under his command shall not fight again during the war, unless exchanged.

Sub-Section. 130.

The usual pledge given in the parole is not to serve during the existing war, unless exchanged.

This pledge refers only to the active service in the field, against the paroling belligerent or his allies actively engaged in the same war. These cases of breaking the parole are patent acts, and can be visited with the punishment of death; but the pledge does not refer to internal service, such as recruiting or drilling the recruits, fortifying places not besieged, quelling civil commotions, fighting against belligerents unconnected with the paroling belligerents, or to civil or diplomatic service for which the paroled officer may be employed.
Sub-Section. 131.

If the government does not approve of the parole, the paroled officer must return into captivity, and should the enemy refuse to receive him, he is free of his parole.

Sub-Section. 132.

A belligerent government may declare, by a general order, whether it will allow paroling, and on what conditions it will allow it. Such order is communicated to the enemy.

Sub-Section. 133.

No prisoner of war can be forced by the hostile government to parole himself, and no government is obliged to parole prisoners of war, or to parole all captured officers, if it paroles any. As the pledging of the parole is an individual act, so is paroling, on the other hand, an act of choice on the part of the belligerent.

Sub-Section. 134.

The commander of an occupying army may require of the civil officers of the enemy, and of its citizens, any pledge he may consider necessary for the safety or security of his army, and upon their failure to give it he may arrest, confine, or detain them.

Sub-Section. 135.

An armistice is the cessation of active hostilities for a period agreed between belligerents. It must be agreed upon in writing, and duly ratified by the highest authorities of the contending parties.

Sub-Section. 136.

If an armistice be declared, without conditions, it extends no further than to require a total cessation of hostilities along the front of both belligerents.

If conditions be agreed upon, they should be clearly expressed, and must be rigidly adhered to by both parties. If either party violates any express condition, the armistice may be declared null and void by the other.

Sub-Section. 137.

An armistice may be general, and valid for all points and lines of the belligerents, or special, that is, referring to certain troops or certain localities only.

An armistice may be concluded for a definite time; or for an indefinite time, during which either belligerent may resume hostilities on giving the notice agreed upon to the other.

Sub-Section. 138.

The motives which induce the one or the other belligerent to conclude an armistice, whether it be expected to be preliminary to a treaty of peace, or to prepare during the armistice for a more vigorous prosecution of the war, does in no way affect the character of the armistice itself.

Sub-Section. 139.

An armistice is binding upon the belligerents from the day of the agreed commencement; but the officers of the armies are responsible from the day only when they receive official information of its existence.

Sub-Section. 140.

Commanding officers have the right to conclude armistices binding on the district over which their command extends, but such armistice is subject to the ratification of the superior authority, and ceases so soon as it is made known to the enemy that the armistice is not ratified, even if a certain time for the elapsing between giving notice of cessation and the resumption of hostilities should have been stipulated for.

Sub-Section. 141.

It is incumbent upon the contracting parties of an armistice to stipulate what intercourse of persons or traffic between the inhabitants of the territories occupied by the hostile armies shall be allowed, if any.

If nothing is stipulated the intercourse remains suspended, as during actual hostilities.

Sub-Section. 142.

An armistice is not a partial or a temporary peace; it is only the suspension of military operations to the extent agreed upon by the parties.

Sub-Section. 143.

When an armistice is concluded between a fortified place and the army besieging it, it is agreed by all the authorities on this subject that the besieger must cease all extension, perfection, or advance of his attacking works as much so as from attacks by main force.

But as there is a difference of opinion among martial jurists, whether the besieged have the right to repair breaches or to erect new works of defense within the place during an armistice, this point should be determined by express agreement between the parties.

Sub-Section. 144.

So soon as a capitulation is signed, the capitulator has no right to demolish, destroy, or injure the works, arms, stores, or ammunition, in his possession, during the time which elapses between the signing and the execution of the capitulation, unless otherwise stipulated in the same.

Sub-Section. 145.

When an armistice is clearly broken by one of the parties, the other party is released from all obligation to observe it.

Sub-Section. 146.

Prisoners taken in the act of breaking an armistice must be treated as prisoners of war, the officer alone being responsible who gives the order for such a violation of an armistice. The highest authority of the belligerent aggrieved may demand redress for the infraction of an armistice.

Sub-Section. 147.

Belligerents sometimes conclude an armistice while their plenipotentiaries are met to discuss the conditions of a treaty of peace; but plenipotentiaries may meet without a preliminary armistice; in the latter case, the war is carried on without any abatement.

Sub-Section. 148.

The law of war does not allow proclaiming either an individual belonging to the hostile army, or a citizen, or a subject of the hostile government, an outlaw, who may be slain without trial by any captor, any more than the modern law of peace allows such intentional outlawry; on the contrary, it abhors such outrage. The sternest retaliation should follow the murder committed in consequence of such proclamation, made by whatever authority. Civilized nations look with horror upon offers of rewards for the assassination of enemies as relapses into barbarism.

Sub-Section. 149.

Insurrection is the rising of people in arms against their government, or a portion of it, or against one or more of its laws, or against an officer or officers of the government. It may be confined to mere armed resistance, or it may have greater ends in view.

Sub-Section. 150.

Civil war is war between two or more portions of a country or state, each contending for the mastery of the whole, and each claiming to be the legitimate government. The term is also sometimes applied to war of rebellion, when the rebellious provinces or portions of the state are contiguous to those containing the seat of government.

Sub-Section. 151.

The term insurrection is usually a war between the legitimate government of a country and portions of provinces of the same who seek to throw off their allegiance to it and set up a government of their own without Popular agreement amoung the sovereign of the People.

The term unjust rebellion is applied to an insurrection of large extent, and is usually a war between the legitimate government of a country and portions of provinces of the same who seek to throw off their allegiance to it and set up an illegitimate government of their own.

Sub-Section. 152.

When humanity induces the adoption of the rules of regular war to ward insurrectionists, whether the adoption is partial or entire, it does in no way whatever imply a partial or complete acknowledgement of their government, if they have set up one, or of them, as an independent and sovereign power. Neutrals have no right to make the adoption of the rules of war by the assailed government toward insurrectionists the ground of their own acknowledgment of the revolted people as an independent power.

Sub-Section. 153.

Treating captured insurrectionists as prisoners of war, exchanging them, concluding of cartels, capitulations, or other warlike agreements with them; addressing officers of a rebel army by the rank they may have in the same; accepting flags of truce; or, on the other hand, proclaiming Martial Law in their territory, or levying war-taxes or forced loans, or doing any other act sanctioned or demanded by the law and usages of public war between sovereign belligerents, neither proves nor establishes an acknowledgment of the rebellious people, or of the government which they may have erected, as a public or sovereign power. Nor does the adoption of the rules of war toward insurrectionists imply an engagement with them extending beyond the limits of these rules. It is victory in the field that ends the strife and settles the future relations between the contending parties.

Sub-Section. 154.

Treating, in the field, the rebellious enemy according to the law and usages of war has never prevented the legitimate government from trying the leaders of the rebellion or chief insurrectionists for high treason, and from treating them accordingly, unless they are included in a general amnesty.

Sub-Section. 155.

All enemies in regular war are divided into two general classes – that is to say, into combatants and noncombatants, or unarmed citizens of the hostile government.

The military commander of the legitimate government, in a war of rebellion, distinguishes between the loyal citizen in the revolted portion of the country and the disloyal citizen. The disloyal citizens may further be classified into those citizens known to sympathize with the rebellion without positively aiding it, and those who, without taking up arms, give positive aid and comfort to the rebellious enemy without being bodily forced thereto.

Sub-Section. 156.

Common justice and plain expediency require that the military commander protect the manifestly loyal citizens, in revolted territories, against the hardships of the war as much as the common misfortune of all war admits.

The commander will throw the burden of the war, as much as lies within his power, on the disloyal citizens, of the revolted portion or province, subjecting them to a stricter police than the noncombatant enemies have to suffer in regular war; and if he deems it appropriate, or if his government demands of him that every citizen shall, by an oath of allegiance, or by some other manifest act, declare his fidelity to the legitimate government, he may expel, transfer, imprison, or fine the revolted citizens who refuse to pledge themselves anew as citizens obedient to the law and loyal to the government.

Whether it is expedient to do so, and whether reliance can be placed upon such oaths, the commander or his government have the power to decide.

Sub-Section. 157.

Armed or unarmed resistance by citizens of Pacifica against the lawful movements of their troops is levying war against Pacifica, and is therefore treason.

Sub-Section. 158.

Treating captured insurrectionists as prisoners of war, exchanging them, concluding of cartels, capitulations, or other warlike agreements with them; addressing officers of a rebel army by the rank they may have in the same; accepting flags of truce; or, on the other hand, proclaiming Martial Law in their territory, or levying war-taxes or forced loans, or doing any other act sanctioned or demanded by the law and usages of public war between sovereign belligerents, neither proves nor establishes an acknowledgment of the rebellious people, or of the government which they may have erected, as a public or sovereign power. Nor does the adoption of the rules of war toward insurrectionists imply an engagement with them extending beyond the limits of these rules. It is victory in the field that ends the strife and settles the future relations between the contending parties.

Sub-Section. 159.

Treating, in the field, the rebellious enemy according to the law and usages of war has never prevented the legitimate government from trying the leaders of the rebellion or chief insurrectionists for high treason, and from treating them accordingly, unless they are included in a general amnesty.

Sub-Section. 160.

All enemies in regular war are divided into two general classes – that is to say, that of combatants, and of noncombatants or otherwise unarmed Citizens and/or People of the hostile government.

The military commander of the legitimate government, in a war of rebellion, distinguishes between the loyal citizen in the revolted portion of the country and the disloyal citizen. The disloyal citizens may further be classified into those citizens known to sympathize with the rebellion without positively aiding it, and those who, without taking up arms, give positive aid and comfort to the rebellious enemy without being bodily forced thereto.

Sub-Section. 161.

Common justice and plain expediency require that the military commander protect the manifestly loyal citizens, in revolted territories, against the hardships of the war as much as the common misfortune of all war admits.

The commander will throw the burden of the war, as much as lies within his power, on the disloyal citizens, of the revolted portion or province, subjecting them to a stricter police than the noncombatant enemies have to suffer in regular war; and if he deems it appropriate, or if his government demands of him that every citizen shall, by an oath of allegiance, or by some other manifest act, declare his fidelity to the legitimate government, he may expel, transfer, imprison, or fine the revolted citizens who refuse to pledge themselves anew as citizens obedient to the law and loyal to the government.

Whether it is expedient to do so, and whether reliance can be placed upon such oaths, the commander or his government have the right to decide.

Sub-Section. 162.

Armed or unarmed resistance by citizens of Pacifica against the naturally and constitutionally lawful movements of their troops is levying war against Pacifica, and is therefore treason.

SECTION. 13.

The Pacifican National government shall be empowered to sanction nations who engage in acts of Political violence, and violations of human rights against Persons, and who are systematically corrupt or which are run by non-democratic/non-republican styles of governance such as autocracy and dictatorship. They shall have Power to declare terroristic nations and prohibit financial and market exchanges with them to incentivize reform and prevent empowering their continuance in malicious conduct, and to restrict travel with them so that only Pacificans may come and go from there and here.

The People of Pacifica are legally guaranteed that products and services available to them while in Pacifica, which must comply with this Constitution and all laws made in pursuance therewith, and that of our People’s rights which shall be respected and enforced to the maximum extent of our laws, in the case of non-conformity in a product or service, for which case the Government of Pacifica is authorized to prevent that product or service from being offered or supplied within or to Pacifica, or to any of the People within its Jurisdiction. The Government of Pacifica and of each of the several independent States, are both empowered and required, to uphold and defend these rights by any and all lawful means in conformity to this constitution, including power to Embargo such products and services, to absolve the People of any obligations arising from interaction with a non-compliant product or service, to legally defend from suit or detention/arrest while they reside within Pacifica, and to use any means necessary to remedy kidnapping or extortion of any kind of any of the People of Pacifica, including against detention/arrest by a foreign Government or private security Agency, in any constitutionally lawful manner, which ranges from suit in international court, Sanctions against such entities, covert extraction of the oppressed individual/s, and justifiable escalation to violent means of remediation which course shall be wholly dependent on the willingness of the aggressor/s to immediately surrender their hostage or un-seize their assets or of a culpable Government of proper Jurisdiction to force and facilitate such recovery, with such means allowed by any level of the Pacifican Government (including State or Territory) to also include upon adherence to appropriate protocol in the steps/stages of escalation to allow up to [a] formal declaration/s of War against any complicit entities, for any assault against the Rights of any of our People is an act of War against the Public body of Pacifica, and a provocation to military action.

SECTION. 14.

No Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State.

No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time; a regular real-time Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published and constantly updated.

No money shall be drawn from the Treasury for the benefit of any religious, or theological institution, nor shall any money be appropriated for the payment of any religious services in either house of the Legislature or the People's power in the third branch.

No Preference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the Ports of one State over those of another; nor shall Vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay Duties in another.

The Immigration of such Persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall not be prohibited by the Congress prior to eighteen years from the date of ratification of this Constitution, but a fee may be imposed on such Immigration, not exceeding thirty-six Pacifican dollars OR seven-hundred-seventy-seven-point-six grams of bullion silver for each Person, whichever is of greatest monetary value.

No law shall be passed prohibiting emigration and immigration to and from the State for any citizen of Pacifica or lawfully residing alien.

Participation in a[ny] Census or Community Survey is fully-voluntary without risk of retaliation or stalking by stazi/shistaffeul, but however, it is recommended. Citizenship is not required to participate in the Census, only lawful residence within the boundaries of Pacifica. Providing false information on a census form shall only be a civil infraction, punishable by a fine not to exceed eight-point-three-bar dollars or one-hundred-and-eighty grams of silver, whichever is of greatest monetary value.

Congress shall make no law impairing their implicit obligation to repay all governmental debts in Commodity/Resource-backed legal-money Tender or lawful Bills of Credit, or which limits the Obligations of any Contract/s, except as is set forth and permitted by this Constitution.

No governmental agency or department shall become lawfully weaponized or retrofit to a quasi-militarial, para-military, or militarized force, except for the actual armed forces of Pacifica or the several States, not including law enforcement of either.

The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not in any case or under any circumstances be denied or suspended. If the government shall be unable to arrange or otherwise provide for a fair trial, such trial shall take place underneath the Citizen’s court.

No Bill of Attainder or ex post facto Law, for which would impose a new legal burden on those whom the new law would exert itself upon, shall be passed.

No law shall be passed conferring hereditary distinctions.

No Title of Nobility shall be granted by Pacifica, nor retained by any of its members; And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.

If any citizen of the several States, Locality, or a territory of Pacifica shall accept, claim, receive, or retain any title of nobility or honor, or shall without the consent of Congress, accept and retain any present, pension, office, or emolument of any kind whatever, from any emperor, king, prince, or foreign power, such person shall forever cease to be a Citizen of Pacifica or the several States, and shall be incapable of holding any office of trust or profit under them, or either of them.

SECTION. 15.

No State shall lay any Excises, nor Tariffs as Duties on Imports or Export.

No State shall enter into any Treaty, Alliance, or Confederation; grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal; emit Bills of Credit; make any thing other than Rhodium, Palladium, Platinum, Gold, Silver, Nickel, Copper, Cannabis, [Pure] Water/DiHydrogenMonoxide, Energy, Greencash, ComputeTime, their alloys or combinations of them, their respective [fully-reserved] [lawful-money backed] representative notes, or Pacifican National Bills of Credit, for Tender in Payment of Debts, public Charges, and Dues; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts than as otherwise prescribed by this Constitution, or grant any Title of Nobility.

No State shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any Duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, or Ships of War in time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or engage in War, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.

SECTION. 16.

All legislation should be written in [concise] plain English, not legalese.

All of the laws throughout Pacifica shall be written in clear, concise, and plain language, and be understandable to the common Person with an average level of education and a baseline intelligence quotient of 100 WAIS according to a complete battery/array test in the year present to their admission, to the nearest ability of the legislature as may be, with all necessary definitions of words and clarifications incorporated and elaborated upon authoritatively.

The government of Pacifica should use clear and accurate language in enacting all policies, laws, and any other form of instrument which they have the constitutional power vested in them through the will of the people in accordance to natural rights and justice.

Every law, act, regulation, order, rule, or ordinance must contain an explanation as to the constitutional provisions empowering its enactment, and must explain in clear/un-ambiguous, coherent, concise, and in a plain-English way, the “why”, as to “why it is the way it is?”, according to the customs of law applicable to the jurisdiction under which it is erected. The drafters, ratifiers, amenders, and potential replacers of the constitution of Pacifica are encouraged to explain every principle, process, and prescription of law found within it, and to incorporate into it, accept it, or to abandon it, according to their explanations for the same.

To be accepted for introduction by the House Clerk, all bills (H.R.) and joint resolutions (H.J.Res.) must provide a document stating “as specifically as practicable the power or powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the bill or joint resolution.”

ARTICLE IV

SECTION. 1.

The executive Power shall be vested in a Presidency of Pacifica, headed by three Consuls. They shall hold their Office during the Term of two Years, and, together with the Vice-President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:

The Presidency and Vice-President shall be elected based on their total popular vote, with the top three persons having the most votes as President Consulars, and the fourth most popular person being vice-president, regardless of if they share party association, by the direct ranked-choice runoff vote of the Citizens of Pacifica, without regard to whether the Citizens are Residents of a State or Territory.

Each citizen shall be an elector and cast four votes, applicable to each of the three Consuls, and the Vice-President. Names of the three Presidential Consul candidates may be joined with no more than one other Person as Vice-President.

Congress may determine the time, place, and manner of holding the election, the entitlement to inclusion on the ballot, and the manner in which the results of the election shall be ascertained and declared.

No Person shall be elected to the office of the Presidency or Vice-President more than three times, and no Person who has held the office of Presidency, or acted as President Consul, for more than two years of a term to which some other Person was elected President shall be elected to the office of President Consul more than once.

No Person except a natural born Citizen or a naturalized Citizen of Pacifica, shall be eligible to the Office of Presidency or Vice-President; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty-six Years, and after the first nine presidencies, been eighteen years a citizen of Pacifica.

The Persons having the greatest number of votes for Presidency Consuls and Vice-President shall be elected, so long as such Persons have a majority of the votes cast using a system of numbered ballots.

The Supreme Court shall never, by any decision, including indirectly, decide who shall be President or Vice-President.

Before they enter on the Execution of their Office, they shall take the following Oath or Affirmation: “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of Presidency/Vice-President of Pacifica, and will to the best of my Ability, support, defend, uphold, and enforce the Constitution of Pacifica”; and be sworn:
“
Not to enact or enforce any law or create or follow any order which infringes on, impacts, or otherwise impairs the sovereignty & rights of the People, including the expression of their sovereignty through the powers of the Union and the State Powers, according to the distribution of Jurisdictions as it is established through their respective constitutions, and the expression of their rights, including but not limited to: Arms, Liberty, Property, Speech, Peaceably Assemble, and to Petition the Government for a Timely and Effective Redress of Grievances.
Not to enter with force into any Jurisdiction, without the express consent and invitation of that Jurisdiction’s legislature and executive, revocable at any time by them or their People.
Not to invade or subjugate any Jurisdiction that asserts its sovereignty and declares the government to be in violation of the compact by which such jurisdiction entered into Union.
Not to detain any Pacifican citizen as an “unlawful enemy belligerent” or as a “combatant”, or subject them to trial by military tribunal, or to law martial.
Not to warrantlessly Search or Seize the Pacifican People, including house-to-house Searches or Seizures.
Not to blockade Pacifican cities, thus turning them into giant internment/concentration camps or centers, nor to force Pacifican Citizens into any form of detention camps/centers under any pretext.
Not to assist or support the use of any foreign or domestic troops on Pacifican soil against the [general] People of Pacifica to “keep the peace”, or to “maintain control/order” during any emergency, or under any other pretext. The use of foreign or domestic troops against the People [at large] is considered to be an invasion or insurrection and an act of War against the People.
To always maintain true allegiance firstly to the people of Pacifica, through just and civil execution the Pacifican Constitution.
Not to pervert the spirit of the law and rather to act under original intent despite any subsequent court ruling, legislation, or executory edict.
“

The Congress may by law provide for the case of the death of any candidate for Presidency Consul or Vice-President before the day on which the President-elect or Vice-President-elect has been chosen, and for the case of a tie in any election.

The terms of the Presidency and the Vice-President shall end at noon on the twenty-first day of January, and the terms of Senators and Representatives at noon on the third day of January, and the terms of their successors shall then begin.

SECTION. 2.

The consulate executive shall consist of three heads, each popular in their respective State, amounting to each coming from a separate State, and having the highest percentage of votes in the National ranked-choice runoff elections between them and all other [respective] candidates.

When both branches of the national legislature unanimously agree to recall the president, they shall be able to cast a vote for such recall and remove the president from office upon stating the terms for why each one of them believe such a recall is necessary in order to secure the people as through the Constitution.

The President Consuls may veto each other’s official decisions and actions, and all decisions must be unanimously agreed upon.

The Consuls shall be Commanders in Chief of the Military, when called into the actual Service of Pacifica; they may require the Opinion, in writing, of the principal Officer in each of the executive Departments, upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and they shall have Power to grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offenses against Pacifica, except in Cases of Impeachment or against themselves.

Unless through invasion or under direct and immediate attack, Pacifica shall not go to war, and the Presidency cannot deploy troops for combat without an official declaration of war by Congress. Unless through invasion or under direct and immediate attack, the declaration of war by Congress must then be approved by a vote of the Pacifican public within one week. Failure to get approval by the Pacifican public overturns the declaration of war.

For all acts of war by Pacifica, except in the event of an immediate invasion or attack, the authority of Congress to declare war must be established through a Congressional Declaration of War, as well as a majority cast thereon in a nation-wide referendum. In repelling immediate invasion or attack, the National government may only act within foreign countries for one week without an official Declaration of War, as well as a majority cast thereon in a nation-wide referendum; After six months, and every six months thereafter, both houses of Congress, by affirmative vote and without filibusters, have to approve any extension; If one house votes no on extending, all combat troops must be withdrawn within a year. At times of official peace, the decision to support, aid, assist, or oppose any foreign government or revolutionary movement will be reserved to the People, as Individuals.

Whenever war is declared the Presidency shall immediately conscript and take for use by the government all the public war properties, yards, factories, and supplies, together with employees necessary for their operation.

The Presidency is authorized to use the Pacifican Military as they determine is to be necessary and appropriate in order to defend the State Security of Pacifica. If the presidency and the Military determine they are compelled by a threat posed to Pacifica who under further diplomatic or other peaceful means alone will not adequately protect Pacifica from the continuing threat posed by another nation, the resolution of war powers shall proceed through Congress through specific statutory authorization.

Whenever there is an insurrection in any State against its government, the President may, upon the request of its legislature or of its governor if the legislature cannot be convened, call into Federal service such of the militia of the other States, in the number requested by that State, and use such of the armed forces, as they consider necessary to suppress the insurrection. Whenever the President considers that unlawful obstructions, combinations, or assemblages, or unjust rebellion against the authority of Pacifica, make it impracticable to enforce the [just] laws of Pacifica in any State by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, they may call into Federal service such of the militia of any State, and use such of the armed forces, as they consider necessary to enforce those laws or to suppress the rebellion. The President, by using the militia or the armed forces, or both, or by any other means, shall take such measures as they consider necessary to suppress, in a State, any insurrection, domestic violence (generally, not statutory), unlawful combination, or conspiracy, if it: (1) so hinders the execution of the [just] laws of that State, and of Pacifica within the State, that any part or class of its people is deprived of a right, privilege, immunity, or protection named in this Constitution and secured by law, and the constituted authorities of that State are unable, fail, or refuse to protect that right, privilege, or immunity, or to give that protection; or (2) opposes or obstructs the execution of the laws of the Pacifica or impedes the course of justice under those laws. (3) In any situation covered by clause (1), the State shall be considered to have denied the equal protection of the laws secured by this Constitution. They may also call upon the Sheriffs of each County and the Sheriffia in each State to uphold civil order on behalf of Pacifica, insofar as it does not violate any of the [just] laws of their State. Whenever the President considers it necessary to use the militia or the armed forces to repel the dangers to Law and Ordered Liberty as mentioned in this provision, they shall, by proclamation, immediately order the insurgents to disperse and retire peaceably to their abodes within a limited time.

The Presidency is authorized to declare states of national emergency. Such proclamation/s shall immediately be transmitted to the Congress and published in the National Register. Any provisions of law conferring powers and authorities to be exercised during a national emergency shall be effective and remain in effect only when the Presidency has been granted permission to proceed from Congress and such orders are found to be in accordance with the rights of People and resources ensured to them. All declared States of Emergency must be well defined, and clearly specify a criteria why, or date where, such emergency has been declared to end. In the event no such end is in sight, such declaration must be reviewed within each term of two years, and shall be subject to referendum and potential termination by the People [AT ANY TIME] as they shall find needful or [so] desire; Congress is also empowered at any time to end a national emergency, and are required to do so upon majoritarian-consensus in petition by or through direct consultation with their constituents.

In the event that emergency powers are declared, neither the presidency nor any other government official shall seek to circumvent any rights or protections offered under this Constitution.

The presidency may not issue a command, nor shall any act of Congress or the legislature of any State, to confiscate the resources of any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, against parties of Pacifica, its agencies, its officers, or any Person therein.

It is considered un-constitutional for a Presidency to implement executive orders or presidential directives, unless the members of Congress examine, potentially rewrite them, and approve them beforehand with a simple majority. Then they shall be added to the federal statutes.

The Presidency may approve any appropriation or provision and disapprove any other appropriation or provision in the same appropriation bill. In such case they shall, in signing the bill, designate the appropriations and provisions disapproved; and shall return a copy of such appropriations and provisions, with their objections, to the House in which the bill shall have originated; and the same proceedings shall then be had as in case of other bills disapproved by the Presidency.

They shall have Power, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make, alter, or terminate Treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators present concur; and they shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all other Officers of Pacifica, whose Appointments are not herein otherwise provided for, and which shall be established by Law: but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper, in the Presidency alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments.

The Presidency shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session.

Congress shall define executive privilege. The Presidency, the Vice-President, and any other member of the executive branch may exercise this privilege.

Whenever there is a vacancy in the office of the Vice-President, the Presidency shall nominate a Vice-President who shall take office upon confirmation by a majority vote of both Houses of Congress.

In Case of the Removal of any Consul or of the Presidency from Office, or of their Death, Resignation, or Inability to discharge the Powers and Duties of the said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice-President, and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the Presidency and Vice-President, declaring what Officers shall then act as Presidency, and such Officers shall act accordingly, until the Disability be removed, or a Presidency shall be elected.

Whenever the Presidency transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his or her written declaration that he or she are unable to discharge the powers and duties of his or her office, and until he or she transmits to them a written declaration to the contrary, such powers and duties shall be discharged by the Vice-President as Acting President.

Whenever the Vice-President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive departments or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit to the Presidency pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the Presidency or any consul/s is/are unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office, the Vice-President shall immediately assume the powers and duties of the office as Acting President Consul. Thereafter, when the President transmits to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives his or her written declaration that no inability exists, he or she shall resume the powers and duties of their office unless the Vice-President and a majority of either the principal officers of the executive department or of such other body as Congress may by law provide, transmit within four days to the President pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives their written declaration that the Presidency or any Consul/s is/are unable to discharge the powers and duties of his or her office. Thereupon Congress shall decide the issue, assembling within forty-eight hours for that purpose if not in session. If the Congress, within twenty-one days after receipt of the latter written declaration, or, if Congress is not in session, within twenty-one days after Congress is required to assemble, determines by two-thirds vote of both Houses that the Presidency or any Consul/s is/are unable to discharge the powers and duties of their office, the Vice-President shall continue to discharge the same as Acting President Consul; otherwise, the Presidency or Consul/s shall resume the powers and duties of their office.

The Presidential Consuls shall be recalled individually from office upon receiving a vote by at least three-fourths of Gubernors of the several States.

SECTION. 3.

They shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such Measures as they shall judge necessary and expedient; they may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene either house, or both of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Respect to the Time of Adjournment, they may adjourn them to such Time as they shall think proper; they shall receive Ambassadors and other public Ministers; they shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed, and shall Commission all the Officers of Pacifica.

If, at the time fixed for the beginning of the term of the Presidency, the President Consul/s elect shall have died, the Vice-President elect shall become President Consul. If a Consul Presidency shall not have been chosen before the time fixed for the beginning of their term, or if the Presidency Consul/s elect shall have failed to qualify, then the Vice-President elect shall act as President Consul until a Presidency of consuls shall have qualified; and the Congress may by law provide for the case wherein neither a Presidency of Consuls elect nor a Vice-President shall have qualified, declaring who shall then act as Presidency, or the manner in which one who is to act shall be selected, and such Person shall act accordingly until a Presidency of Consuls or Vice-President shall have qualified.

SECTION. 4.

The Presidency/Consuls, Vice-President, and all civil Officers of Pacifica, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other Misdemeanors and high Crimes.

ARTICLE V

The legal, law enforcement and investigative functions of the Department of Justice and other legal duties as shall be specified by law shall be vested in one Attorney General, who shall be elected by vote of the people for a term of four years.

The Attorney General shall represent Pacifica and shall conduct the law-enforcement and investigative functions of the department, and all other duties as shall be assigned by law, in conformity with this Constitution, laws made pursuant to it and treaties made or which shall be made under the authority of Pacifica. In conducting their duties, the Attorney General shall at all times safeguard the public interest. The Attorney General is bound to prosecute any case where sufficient evidence exists to charge, regardless of political incentives or motivations to not prosecute.

The Attorney General shall give the President legal advice, in writing, at the President’s request and at other appropriate times and shall inform the President of the actions taken by the Justice Department so far as does not expose the content of an active investigation of the President, and shall attend sessions of the Congress; however, the President may not require the resignation of the Attorney General.

The Attorney General shall from time to time give to the Congress information of the state of the legal and law-enforcement policy and actions of Pacifica, and shall furnish to Congress information requested concerning the same, excepting only such information as may compromise ongoing legal investigations or reveal information properly classified for the purposes of State Security as according to this Constitution.

ARTICLE VI

The Citizens of the several states shall elect by ballot every two years each of the following:

An Administrator of the Department of Finance, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Revenue, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Expenditures, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator as well as a Secretary of the Department of National Treasury, for the National government, and an administrator along with a Secretary for the department of State treasury, for the State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Commerce, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Statistics, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Standards, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of Public Works and Internal Improvements, for the National and State governments;

A Director of the Office of Personnel Management, for the national and astate governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Postal Service, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Communications and Public Access Network Commission, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the National Patent Office, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of Research, Science, Engineering, and Technology, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Open-Source Projects and Information, for the National and State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Public Broadcasting, for the State governments;

An Administrator of the National Archive and Library of Congress, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of Public Education, for the State governments;

An Administrator of the Department of Home Relations, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of International Relations, for the National government;

An Ambassador as well as a Program Director of the Extraterrestrial/Exobiological Intelligence Recovery and Relations Agency in addition to the EIRRA Recovery Program, and an Administrator over the entire agency, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of Defense, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of the Navy, for the National government;

A Director of the Agency for Disease Control and Prevention in addition to a head of the ADC’s Prevention’s Pandemic Preparedness unit, for the National government.

An Administrator of the Department of Criminal Jurisprudence and of Pacifican Civil Law, for the National government;

An Administrator of the Department of Reformatory and Criminal Labor, for the National and State governments;

An Attorney General of Pacifica, for the National government;

The Judges of the Supreme Court and such inferior courts of Pacifica and the several States, when there shall be vacancies.

Each of the elected Secretaries and the Chief Attorney shall hold their Offices for a term of two years with a limit of three terms, and the Judges of the Supreme Court and such inferior courts shall serve for a non-renewable term of twelve years.

ARTICLE VII

SECTION. 0.

Natural Justice refers to the rules of fair play, which was originally developed by the courts of equity to control the decisions of inferior courts and then gradually extended to apply equally to the decisions of administrative and domestic tribunals and of any authority exercising an administrative power that affects a person’s status, rights, or liabilities. Any decision reached in contravention of natural justice is void as “ultra vires”.

There are three principal rules in Common Law that are generally referred to in relation to natural justice or procedural fairness. Those are: The Hearing Rule, the Bias Rule, and the Evidence Rule.

The principles of natural justice concern procedural fairness and ensure a fair decision is reached by an objective decision maker. The rules of natural justice provide a minimum standard of procedural fairness and the exact requirements will vary depending on the context.

Maintaining procedural fairness protects the rights of individuals and enhances public confidence in the process.

A word used to refer to situations where audi alteram partem (the right to be heard) and nemo judex in parte sua (no person may judge their own case) apply.

The principles of natural justice were derived from the Romans who believed that some legal principles were “natural” or self-evident and did not require a statutory basis.

These two basic legal safeguards govern all decisions by judges or government officials when they take quasi-judicial or judicial decisions.

Three Common Law rules are referred to in relation to natural justice or procedural fairness.

The Bias Rule:
The first is the rule against bias, i.e. against departure from the standard of even-handed justice required of those who occupy judicial office, ‘nemo judex in causa sua’ (or ‘in propria causa’): no man may be a judge in his own cause. This means that any decision, however fair it may seem, is invalid if made by a person with any financial or other interest in the outcome or any known bias that might have affected his impartiality.
The Bias Rule states that no one should judge his or her own case. This requires the decision maker to be unbiased when holding a hearing or making the decision.
No one ought to be judge in their own case. This is the requirement that the deciding authority must be unbiased when according the hearing or making the decision.
Additionally, investigators and decision-makers must act without bias in all procedures connected with the making of a decision. A decision-maker must be impartial and must make a decision based on a balanced and considered assessment of the information and evidence before him or her without favoring one party over another. Even where no actual bias exists, investigators and decision-makers should be careful to avoid the appearance of bias. Investigators should ensure that there is no conflict of interest which would make it inappropriate for them to conduct the investigation.

The Hearing Rule:
The second rule is known as ‘audi alteram partem’: hear the other side. It states that a decision cannot stand unless the person directly affected by it was given a fair opportunity both to state his case and to know and answer the other side’s case.
The Hearing Rule requires that people must be allowed an opportunity to present their case where their interests and rights may be affected by a decision maker.
To ensure that these rights are respected, the decision maker must give people the opportunity to prepare and present evidence, and to respond to arguments presented by the opposing side.
When conducting an investigation in relation to a complaint, the person being complained against must be advised of the allegations in as much detail as possible and must be given the opportunity to reply to the allegations.

The Evidence Rule:
The third rule is the evidence rule, which connects to Corpus Delicti. It states that an administrative decision must be based upon logical proof or evidence material. Investigators and decision makers should not base their decisions on mere speculation or suspicion. Rather, an investigator or decision maker should be able to clearly point to the evidence on which the inference or determination is based.
Evidence (arguments, allegations, documents, photos, et cetera…) presented by one party must be disclosed to the other party, who may then subject it to scrutiny.

Standing, or locus standi, is the capacity of a party to bring suit in court. If no plaintiff has sustained or will sustain direct injury or harm, then there can be no standing by default. As a general principal, standing to invoke the judicial process requires an actual justiciable controversy as to which the complainant has a real interest in the ultimate adjudication because he or she has either suffered or is about to suffer an injury. Without standing, there is no actual or justiciable controversy, and courts will not entertain such cases.
Typically, the standing inquiry requires careful judicial examination of a complaint’s allegations to ascertain whether the particular plaintiff is entitled to an adjudication of the particular claims asserted. Whether one has standing in a particular case generally revolves around the question whether that person has rights that may suffer some injury, actual or threatened.

SECTION. 0.5.

Pacifican Constitutional Norms of Common Law:

This series of Common Laws inherent to the Pacifican system is not exclusive, and should be developed further by the Courts and Legislatures as is in conformity to their Constitution.

Sub-Section. 0.

The following common law maxims throughout this article shall have the effect and binding force of fixed Judicial Precedent for Military/Maritime, Criminal, Familial, Deportation, and Civil cases, operating both independently and together as is deemed necessary and suitable, so far as the point in which does not produce absurd results or deviate from the zeroth principle of justice, which is Sovereignty of the Individual. The following are some of the more important maxims, but the common law shall not be limited exclusively to these foregoing principles, but rather be expanded to include them, as is appropriate.

Sub-Section. 1.

The common law is created by judicial decisions of process left and to remain un-legislated in the interests of justice alone, and any injustice remedies by then improving upon the common law by statutory law in conjunction to all rights protected by and/or/of [and] through this constitution, and with relevant purpose suitable for equitable case procedure, and is precedent directed by stare decisis.

It is the body of law created by praetors and similar quasi-judicial tribunals by virtue of being stated in written opinions. The defining characteristic of “common law” is that it arises as precedent. In cases where the parties disagree on what the law is, a common law court looks to past precedential decisions of relevant courts, and synthesizes the principles of those past cases as applicable to the current facts. If a similar dispute has been resolved in the past, the court is usually bound to follow the reasoning used in the prior decision (a principle known as stare decisis). If, however, the court finds that the current dispute is fundamentally distinct from all previous cases (called a “matter of first impression”), and legislative statutes are either silent or ambiguous on the question, praetors have the authority and duty to resolve the issue (one party or the other has to win, and on disagreements of law, praetors make that decision). The court states an opinion that gives reasons for the decision, and those reasons agglomerate with past decisions as precedent to bind future praetors and litigants. Common law, as the body of law made by praetors, stands in contrast to and on equal footing with statutes which are adopted through the legislative process, and regulations which are promulgated by the executive branch. Stare decisis, the principle that cases should be decided according to consistent principled rules so that similar facts will yield similar results, lies at the heart of all common law systems.

The Congress shall codify the Common Law of Pacifica and fifty-percent-plus-one the several States into Statutes which protect the integrity of the Judicial process from all forms of corruption, as is humanly possible;

Sub-Section. 2.

-Preliminary rules of Common Judicial Process-

In the delivery of writing, not what is said, but what is done is to be considered.

It is to the intention that all law applies.

Precedents has as much law as justice.

The radical element of justice is equality.

Given principles follow their concomitants.

Principles prove, they are not proved.

There is no reasoning of principles.

The principle of a thing is its most powerful part.

There is no disputing against or denying principles.

Abundant caution does no harm.

There should be no departure from common observance or usage, except as perverts the ends of original meaning and intent.

From the words of the law there must be no departure.

What is good and equal, is the law of laws.

Points of law are not laws.

The act of true/natural law does no one an injury.

The [social] contract makes the law.

One who commands lawfully must be obeyed.

Fictions arise from the law, and not law from fictions.

A beneficial law affords a remedy in a similar case.

The law would rather tolerate a private wrong than a public evil.

The law provides for the future, the judge for the past.

Law is the dictate of reason. and a rule of right; The law ought not to fail in dispensing justice. Law is a sacred sanction, commanding what is right and prohibiting the contrary. The law always abhors error and delay.

The law is from everlasting.

Law is the perfection of reason, which commands of its enactors what is useful and necessary and forbids to them the contrary.

The law presumes that one neighbor knows the actions of another.

There must provide proof beyond testimony alone to demonstrate a fact.

The law judges of things which must necessarily be done, as if actually done.

The law of necessity is the law of time, that is, time present.

The law forces no one to do vain or useless things.

The law does wrong to no one. The law never works an injury, or does him a wrong.

The law does nothing and commands nothing in vain.

The law requires nothing impossible.

The law does not regard matters de minimis.

True law forces not to impossibilities.

The law commands not useless things, because useless labor is foolish.

True law does not fail in showing justice.

True law intends not anything impossible.

True law still requires that to be proved, which is otherwise apparent to the court.

The law is the more praised when it is consonant to reason.

The law looks forward, not backward.

True law punishes falsehood.

True law rejects superfluous, contradictory and incongruous things.

The law dislikes delay.

True law always gives a suitable, appropriate, and fair remedy.

True law regards the order of nature.

The laws succor the ignorant.

True law always intends what is agreeable to reason.

The law speaks to all with one mouth.

A common error repeals law; What was at first illegal, being repeated many times, and presumed to have acquired the force of usage, is wrong but to depart from it. Neither does a common error make law; A fault in fact, even if legal by fiat, is still injurious to a person or the integrity of a proceeding.

Error artfully colored is in many things more probable than naked truth; and frequently error conquers truth and reasoning.

Error of law is injurious.

The laws themselves require that they should be governed by right.

The laws of nature are unchangeable. Their enumeration may be subject to [progressive] revisive perfection.

Laws are abrogated or repealed by the same means by which they are made.

An error not resisted is approved.

An error made by a clerk ought not to injure; a clerical error may be corrected.

To refer errors to their origin is to refute them.

An argument from the greater to the less is of no force negatively; conversely it is.

An argument arising from a division is most powerful in law.

An argument drawn from what is inconvenient is good in law, because the law will not permit any inconvenience.

An argument deduced from legitimate authority great avails in law; An argument drawn from legitimate authority is the strongest in law.

An argument drawn from a similar case, or analogy, avails in law.

A twisting of language is unworthy of a judge.

No one is bound to do what is impossible.

Rights are the source and locus of all true law. All rights are not wrongs, and are intrinsic to an Individual's being, as well as to Nature. a law which deviates from protection and promotion and the remainder of necessary safeguards such as but not limited to preservation and defense and service towards the rights of persons and of nature (meaning animals other lifeforms along with the environment).

Sub-Section. 3.

-Relevant to Justice- (Declared)

It is the duty of the government, the law, and justice, to perform fairly.

Power should follow justice, not precede it.

The greatest enemies to peace are force and wrong.

That justice which justly prevents a crime, is better than that which severely punishes it.

No person ought to act against himself; therefore, it is affirmed at all levels, that no person shall be a judge in their own cause; In like manner, no one ought to accuse themself, and all admissions must be corroborated with a Corpus Delicti (Corpus Delicti rule). To conceal is one thing, to be silent another.

Agents and Officers of Law enforcement acting without legal authority are nothing more than common trespassers; A person arrested illegally (or who witnessed such a wrongful arrest) is “provoked” by the threat to liberty and has a right to respond with force. The right to resist an illegitimate arrest provides a complete defense to criminal or civil liability when the person resisted with necessary and sufficient force; Even deadly force can be excused; A person who kills such an agent or officer shall automatically have the legal right to have all charges against them dropped, and in the case of false conviction, pardoned altogether, and in both cases restituted for any of their trouble in such fiasco of public order, if they can show that they were resisting an Un-Lawful and/or Un-Just arrest. An action by an official in excess of their authority is a trespass that may be resisted by physical force; Such trespass against another initiates a provocation which justifies forceful defense, and, if the officer/s is/are killed, is excused, under a person’s Natural Right to resist an unlawful arrest with force to regain and assure liberty. Others may also exercise the common law Citizen’s Police Power, and overtake Military or Law enforcement, and their companions, as well as any impressed person, and demand to see their warrant/s or authorization/s. If the produced response is no warrant or authorization at all, the Citizen’s Police Force may immediately draw their weapons and use them to rescue the impressed Person; If a man be unduly arrested or restrained of their liberty, even if he offers no resistance himself, it remains a provocation to all other Individuals of the Universe, not only friends, or strangers, or even the Country, but also for common humanity sake. Thus, it is no crime to try to rescue the victim of the unlawful arrest because each individual Person is appointed guardian of their fellows’ rights as Pacificans. An Illegal Arrest is an assault and battery; The person attempted to be restrained of their liberty has the same right to use force in defending themself as they would in repelling any other assault and battery; Persons may resist Un-lawful and/or Un-just arrest to the point of taking an arresting officer’s life if necessary; A Person who kills an officer serving an imperfect government warrant cannot be rightly found guilty.

The habitation of each one is an inviolable asylum for him/her/zed. A Person cannot be taken by force from their house to be conducted before a judge or to prison, except according a properly commissioned and issued warrant, in accordance with the rules set forth by the constitution; The maxim in favor of Roman liberty is much the same as that “every Individual’s domicile is their castle.”

A good judge should do nothing from their own judgment, or from the dictates of their private wishes; but he should pronounce according to law and justice.

The judge ought to decide according to the allegation and the proof.

The judge is the speaking law.

A judge cannot be a witness in their own cause.

A judge cannot punish a wrong done to himself.

The judge is condemned when the guilty are acquitted.

The judge does demand more than the plaintiff demands.

To a judge who exceeds their office or jurisdiction no obedience is due.

Judgments frequently become matured by deliberation, never by hurried process.

The latter decisions are stronger in law.

Judgments are, as it were, the dicta or sayings of the law, and are received as truth.

Faith or credit is to be given to the last decisions.

The judge in their decision ought to follow the rule, when the exception is not made apparent.

A judge ought to decide according to the allegations and proofs.

A judgment given by an improper judge is of no moment.

A judgment ought not to be illusory, it ought to have its consequence.

In presumption of law, a judgment is given against inclination.

A judgment is always taken for truth.

The right of blood and kindred cannot be destroyed by any civil law.

The estimation of a crime committed never increases from a subsequent fact.

Sub-Section. 4.

-Relevant to rulings in general- (Declared)

An award is a judgment.

The plaintiff must follow the forum of the thing in dispute.

When the plaintiff does not prove their case, the defendant is absolved.

In criminal cases, the proofs ought to be clearer than the light.

In criminal cases a general intention is sufficient, when there is an act of equal or corresponding degree.

Not every loss produces an injury, yet, no one ought to gain by another’s loss; That which is permitted only at a loss, is not permitted to be done.

The destruction of a thing is a loss received by its owner, except upon consent.

Satisfaction should be made to that fund which has sustained the loss.

Force Majure does no actionable injury; that is, no one is responsible for inevitable accidents.

Sub-Section. 5.

-Pertaining to customary law-

A custom ought to be certain.

Custom is the best expounder of the law.

Custom is another law.

The custom of the place is to be observed.

A prescriptive and legitimate custom overcomes the law.

Custom once disallowed cannot again be produced.

Custom leads the willing, law compels or draws the unwilling.

Whatever by custom is once considered bad, is presumed to be so always, in exactly the same degree.

Reason is the formal cause of custom.

What is done contrary to the custom of our ancestors, neither pleases nor appears right.

Custom is the best interpreter of laws.

A reasonable custom is to be obeyed like law.

An evil custom is meant to be abolished.

A custom introduced against consistent reason ought rather to be called an usurpation than a custom.

Sub-Section. 6.

In doubtful cases the more worthy is to be taken.

In doubtful cases there is no presumption in favor of the will.

In a doubtful case, that is the construction of the law which the words indicate.

In doubt, the gentler course is to be followed.

In doubt, the safer course is to be adopted.

Sub-Section. 7.

-Relevant to Torts- (Declared)

An injurer has no right to remedy, an injury demands remedy.

Sub-Section. 8.

-Of Mistakes/Errs-

It is safer to err on the side of mercy.

The multitude of those who err is no excuse for error.

They who errs does not consent.

Sub-Section. 9.

-Relevant to Fraud- (Declared)

Fraud is odious and not to be presumed.

Fraud lies hidden in general expressions.

Fraud and deceit should excuse no man.

It is a fraud to conceal a fraud.

Fraud and justice never agree together; Thereby, fraud deserving fraud, is a very doubtful morality.

They who acts fraudulently acts in vain.

A deceiver deals in generals.

The fraud of a possessor does not prejudice the successor.

Fraud is not purged by circity.

Out of fraud no lawful action arises.

Right and fraud never go together.

Gross negligence is equal to fraud.

Gross negligence is a fault, gross fault is a fraud.

Great neglect is equivalent to fraud.

Once a fraud, always a fraud.

What is otherwise good and just, if sought by force or fraud, becomes bad and unjust.

It is fraudulent to sell the same thing twice, except upon lawful re-acquisition.

Equity will not allow a statute to be used as a cloak for fraud.

If in a contract for a loan there is inserted a clause that the borrower shall not be answerable for fraud, such clause is void.

Sub-Section. 10.

-Relevant to consent- (Declared)

No one can confirm before the right accrues to him.

A confirmation is null where the preceding gift is invalid.

Consent makes the law. A contract is a law between the parties, which can acquire force only by consent.

Consent removes or obviates a mistake.

Those consenting and those perpetrating are embraced in the same punishment.

No person is bound for the advice they give. Advice, unless fraudulent, does not create an obligation.

Sub-Section. 11.

-Common Law Marriages- (Declared)

The union of a man and a woman is of the law of nature. This does not prohibit civil union, merely observes the obligation of biology to further propagate through reproduction, and all of the synergy between opposite sexes based on their differing strengths and weaknesses, which creates families, close friends, and communities at the core.

The union of husband and wife is founded on the law of nature, not despite it. Building a future through unity and co-creation is a natural beauty, and healthy relationships between healthy spouses in happy houses make healthy families.

Marriages ought to be free.

A subsequent marriage cures preceding criminality.

Neither cohabitation, nor lying together, makes a marriage; it is the consent of the parties which constitutes marriage.

It is not unjust to have two or more wives at one time; Several partners are as one [consular] body [in organizing their actions], by reason of the unity of their rights.

Sub-Section. 12.

-Relevant to customs of government function- (Declared)

The absence of him who is employed in the service of the state, ought not to be burdensome to him nor to any others.

Sub-Section. 13.

-Children and Family Law- (Declared)

Kids born under a legitimate union follow the condition of the father.

They who are in the womb, are considered as born, whenever it is for their benefit.

Not to be born, and to be dead born, is the same.

If a man dies, leaving the mother pregnant, he shall not be considered as having died childless.

Sub-Section. 14.

-Wills, Theyirs, and Inheritances- (Declared)

No one is an heir to the living.

Theyir is a collective name.

Theyir is a term of law, son one of nature.

An heir is either by right of property or right of representation.

An heir is another self, and a son is a part of the father.

The heir is the same person with the ancestor.

The heir of my heir is my heir.

They is the lawful heir whom the marriage demonstrates.

Several co-heirs are as one body, by reason of the unity of right which they possess.

It concerns the commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic that Person’s last wills be sustained.

Every will is consummated by death.

It concerns the state that the wills of the dead should have their effect.

A holographic will, even without personal statements to the receiver or beneficiar[y]/ies, at the point in which it is discovered, retains equivalence to a final testament.

Inheritance gained by widows must be divided equally among her half, and that other half for her sons, if any, and to the eldest daughter in the case she is without male heirs.

Under this Constitution, there is a common law right to designate one or more ranked “vulgar substitution/s” when holigraphically creating, and officially certifying a will, or in the delivery of testamentary gifts.

Sub-Section. 15.

-Pertaining to Skies- (Declared)

Sub-Section. 16.

-Pertaining to Waters- (Declared)

Water runs and ought to run.

That which poisons the well, poisons the consumers of that well, and spoils the fruits of all trees which spring from such waters.

Sub-Section. 17.

-Pertaining to Property-

Chattels justly possessed cannot be lost.

Chattels are considered in law among the minor things

Things taken from public enemies immediately become the property of the captors.

Section. 18.

-Pertaining to lands- (Declared)

Sub-Section. 19.

-Limitations clauses-

No man ought to be wiser than the law [of nature].

They who may condemn may acquit. They who spares the guilty, punishes the innocent.

No one is presumed to be bad. No one is bound to testify to their own baseness. No one is bound to accuse himself. No one alleging their own turpitude is to be heard as a witness.

No one is considered as committing damages, unless he is doing what he has no right to do. They who first offends, causes the strife. No one can truly improve their condition by a crime.

They who offends when drunk or intoxicated, must be punished when sober.

No one can be punished twice for the same crime or misdemeanor.

No one is restrained from using several defenses.

No wise one punishes that things done may be revoked, but that future wrongs may be prevented.

No one is to be punished for the crime or wrong of another.

No one is punished unless for some wrong, act or default.

No one is allowed to incapacitate, or stultify themself, from liability.

No man ought to be burdened in consequence of another’s act.

No one can be a witness in their own cause. But to their rule there are many exceptions.

No man ought to be condemned unheard, unless he be contumacious.

One cannot transfer to another a right which they have not themself

One is not present unless they understand.

No one can verify by the country against a record. The issue upon a record cannot be tried by a jury.

No man can be at the same time tenant and landlord of the same tenement.

No one can do that by another which he cannot do by himself.

No one can owe to himself.

No one should lose their property without their act or negligence. No one can give who does not possess. No one is bound to sell their property, even for a just price.

No one is presumed to give.

No one is bound to arm their adversary.

No man can contradict their own deed. No one is presumed to have preferred another’s posterity to their own.

No one should interfere in what no way concerns him.

No man is presumed to be forgetful of their eternal welfare, and particularly at the point of death.

No one is presumed to trifle at the point of death.

No one is restrained from exercising several kinds of business or arts.

No one is bound to an impossibility.

No one is bound to foretell.

No one is bound to expose himself to misfortune and dangers.

Let him who accuses another be of a clear fame, and not criminal in their own act.

Sub-Section. 20.

-Of life and Death-

Death is denominated the extreme penalty.

To be dead born is not to be born.

Sub-Section. 21.

-For which is Naught-

The intention amounts to nothing unless some effect follows.

There is no stronger link among men than an oath.

There is no disputing against a man denying principles.

There is no departing from a common observance.

There is no rule but what may fail.

There is no disputing about rules of law.

You are not to do evil that good may come of it.

A traitor is punished, that by the death of one, all may not perish.

When the death of a human being may be the consequence, no delay is long. When the question is on the life or death of a man, no delay is too long to admit of inquiring into facts.

An absolute unqualified sentence or proposition, needs no expositor.

An accessary follows the nature of their principal.

The accessory does not lead, but follow its principal.

External actions may show internal secrets.

An action is not given to him who has received no damages.

A personal action dies with the person. There must be understood of an action for a tort only.

They ought not to be heard who advances a proposition contrary to the rules of law.

An act already begun, the completion of which depends upon the will of the parties, may be recalled; but if it depend on the consent of a third person, or of a contingency, it cannot be recalled.

Acts required by law to be done, admit of no qualification.

An act done by one against their will, is not their act, but the act of them who directed it, or that which caused it.

An act does not make a person guilty, unless the intention be also guilty. Their maxim applies only to criminal cases; in civil matters it is otherwise.

The antecedent bears relation to what follows next, unless it destroys the meaning of the sentence.

The judges do not answer to questions of fact nor law, but serve to maintain equitable, tempered, and orderly justice.

A hidden ambiguity of the words is supplied by the verification, for whatever ambiguity arises concerning the deed itself is removed by the verification of the deed.

The water yields or accompanies the soil. The grant of the soil or land carries the water.

The proof lies upon him who affirms, not on him who denies.

An alternate petition is not to be heard.

The intention of the party is the soul of the instrument.

It is the part of a good judge to enlarge their jurisdiction; that, their remedial authority.

It is the duty of a good judge to remove the cause of litigation.

The good of a defendant arises from a perfect case, their harm from some defect.

Necessary good is not good beyond the bounds of necessity.

A fortuitous event is not to be foreseen, and no person is held bound to divine it.

A case omitted and given to oblivion is left to the disposal of the Common Law.

The immediate, and not the remote cause, is to be considered.

Let the purchaser beware.

Beware of fragments.

The cause ceasing, the effect must cease.

It is the crime which causes the shame, and not the scaffold.

A charter or deed of a thing not in being, is not valid.

Deeds or bonds found with a debtor are presumed to be paid.

Circuity is to be avoided.

Unusual clauses always induce a suspicion.

A clause in a law which precludes its abrogation, is invalid from the beginning.

A useless clause or disposition is not supported by a remote presumption, or by a cause arising afterwards.

No one is punished for merely thinking of a crime.

No man ought to derive any benefit of their own wrong.

A confession made in court is of greater effect than any proof.

A consequence ought not to be drawn from another consequence.

Sub-section. 22.

-On Contracts-

The agreement of the parties makes the law of the contract.

A contract founded on a base and unlawful consideration, or against good morals, is null.

The agreement of the parties overcomes or prevails against the law.

A party that with explicit reservation of rights performs or promises performance or assents to performance in a manner demanded or offered by the other party does not thereby prejudice the right to insist on the full performance of the contract; Nor thereby prejudices the rights reserved. Such words as "without prejudice," "under protest," or the like are sufficient.

Sub-section. 23.

-Un-sorted-

The construction of law works not an injury.

An issue requires terms of contradiction; that is, there can be no issue without an affirmative on one side and a negative on the other.

A contemporaneous exposition is the best and most powerful in the law.

No prescription runs against a person unable to act.

The law never suffers anything contrary to truth. But sometimes it allows a conclusive presumption in opposition to truth.

Coupling words together shows that they ought to be understood in the same sense.

A personal injury does no receive satisfaction from a future course of proceeding.

Every one should be believed skillful in how to their own art.

They who receives the benefit should also bear the disadvantage.

They who has a right to give, has the right to dispose of the gift.

Whoever pays by mistake what he does not owe, may recover it back; but he who pays, knowing he owes nothing; is presumed to give.

They who owns the soil, owns up to the sky.

Whichever of two parties has the division, the other has the choice.

The principal part of everything is the beginning.

A fault finds its own.

It is a fault to meddle with what does not belong to or does not concern you. Busybodies have no standing in the law.

Let the punishment be proportioned to the crime.

A concealed fault is equal to a deceit.

They to whom the people is father, has not a father.

One making a voluntary confession, is to be dealt with more mercifully.

When two things repugnant to each other are found in a will, the last is to be confirmed.

When the proofs of facts are present, what need is there of words.

A curious and captious interpretation in the law is to be reproved.

Time runs against the slothful and those who neglect their rights.

The practice of the court is the law of the court.

Of the credit and duty of a judge, no question can arise; but it is otherwise respecting their knowledge, whether he be mistaken as to the law or fact.

The judges answer to the law, the jury to the facts.

The law does not notice or care for trifling matters.

The reason is the same respecting things which do not appear, and those which do not exist.

From similars to similars, we are to proceed by the same rule.

Concerning similars the judgment is the same.

There ought to be an end of law suits.

Every one ought to be subject to the law of the place where he offends.

Where there is a weak foundation, the work falls.

Debts follow the person of the debtor.

A debtor is not presumed to make a gift.

Debt and contract are of no particular place.

A delegated authority cannot be again delegated.

A delegate or deputy cannot appoint another.

The power which is derived cannot be greater than that from which it is derived.

To derogate from a law is to enact something contrary to it; to abrogate a law, is to abolish it entirely.

The appointment or designation of one is the exclusion of another; and that expressed makes that which is implied cease.

The day of undertaking or commencement of the business is held as complete.

A day uncertain is held as a condition.

Delays in law are odious.

Unequal things ought not to be joined.

A dispensation is a wound which wounds a common right.

Of disimilars the rule is dissimilar.

It is a guess not interpretation which altogether departs from the letter.

A gift is rendered complete by the possession of the receiver.

A gift is not presumed.

They that gives never ceases to possess until he that receives begins to possess.

The laws sometimes sleep, but never die.

Two cannot possess one thing each in entirety.

It is not allowed to double a possibility.

That interpretation is to be received, which will not intend a wrong.

The burden of the proof lies upon him who affirms, not he who denies.

To whom nothing is base, nothing is sufficient.

They who may consent tacitly, may consent expressly.

They who have the risk has the dominion or advantage.

When there is concurrence of means, he who has chosen one cannot have recourse to another.

Election once made, and plea witnessed, suffers not a recall.

Elections should be made in due form and freely, without any interruption.

Enumeration affirms the rule in cases not enumerated.

Violence may also put on the mask of law.

It is the part of a good judge to extend the jurisdiction.

The best interpretation is made from antecedents and consequents.

From length of time, all things are presumed to have been done in due form.

Law arises out of fact; that is, its application must be to facts.

A contract cannot arise out of an act radically wrong and illegal.

From the great number of signs true identity may be ascertained.

No actions arises on a naked contract without a consideration.

The construction or resolution should arise out of the whole subject matter.

No action arises out of an immoral consideration. No action arises on an immoral contract.

From one thing you can discern all.

A wrong in capital cases is excused or palliated which would not be so in civil matters.

There can be no plea of that thing of which the dissolution is sought.

A false plea is the basest of all things.

The exception affirms the rule in contrary cases.

The exception affirms the rule in cases not excepted.

There can be no plea against an action which entirely destroys the plea.

An exception proves the rule concerning things not excepted.

The exception also declares the rule.

An exception is always to be put last.

An execution is the end and the first fruit of the law.

The execution of ‘the law’/justice/natural_rights causes no injury.

Examples illustrate and do not restrict the law.

It is for the public good that there be an end of litigation.

Things expressed may be prejudicial; things not expressed are not.

The expression of those things which are tacitly implied operates nothing.

The expression of one thing is the exclusion of another.

What is expressed renders what is implied silent.

One out of the pale of the law, (an outlaw,) is civilly dead.

One who exercises jurisdiction out of their territory is not obeyed with impunity.

Facts are more powerful than words.

An act of a judge which does not relate to their office, is of no force.

Negative facts are not proof.

It cannot be called a deed which does not hold out or persevere.

The deed of one should not hurt the other.

The faculty or right of offering proof is not to be narrowed.

A false or mistaken description does not vitiate.

False spelling or false grammar do not vitiate a grant.

False in one thing, false in everything.

Let justice be done, though the heavens should fall.

The hurrying of justice is the stepmother of misfortune.

Let it be done as formerly, let nothing be done rashly.

Fiction is against the truth, but it is to have truth.

The end of a thing is to be attended to.

The end puts an end to litigation.

The end of one day is the beginning of another.

The disposition of law is firmer and more powerful than the will of man.

Rivers and ports are public, therefore the right of fishing there is common to all.

Legal form is essential form.

When form is not observed a nullity of the act is inferred.

A forestaller is an oppressor of the poor, and a public enemy to the whole community and the country.

The custody of the law is stronger than that of man.

The disposition of the law is stronger and more powerful than that of man.

Hanging fruits make part of the land.

Gathered fruits do not make a part of the house.

The power which never comes to be exercised is vain.

Laws are made to no purpose unless for those who are subject and obedient.

Vainly does he who offends against the law, seek the help of the law.

Vainly you ask that which you will immediately be compelled to restore to another.

It is vain to prove that which if proved would not aid the matter in question.

The insane is compared to the absent.

A madman is punished by their madness alone.

It is not theft where the commencement of the detention arises through the owner of the thing.

What is general prevails or is worth as much among things general, as what is particular among things particular.

A general expression is to be construed generally.

A general expression implies nothing certain.

General things are to be put before particular things.

General words are understood in a general sense.

A general clause does not extend to those things which are previously provided for specially.

Law is established for the benefit of man.

What belongs to us cannot be transferred to another without our consent.

That is certain which may be rendered certain.

One cannot be agent and patient, in the same matter.

It is the same thing to do a thing as not to prohibit it when in your power.

What does not appear and what is not is the same; it is not the defect of the law, but the want of proof.

It is the same thing to say nothing and not to say it sufficiently.

To be able to know is the same as to know. Their maxim is applied to the duty of everyone to know the law.

It is the same thing not to exist and not to appear.

The same is always referred to its next antecedent.

True identity is collected from a number of signs.

That is perfect which is complete in all its parts.

We may do what is allowed by law.

Ignorance of fact may excuse, but not ignorance of law.

Ignorance of fact may excuse, but not ignorance of law.

Ignorance of facts excuses, ignorance of law does not excuse.

The ignorance of the judge is the misfortune of the innocent.

An ignorance of terms is to be ignorant of the art.

Ignorance, or want of skill, is considered a negligence, for which one who professes skill is responsible.

Impersonality neither concludes nor binds.

Impossibility or un-reasonability of compliance with the law dismisses and excuses one from obedience to the law.

Impunity offers a continual bait to a delinquent.

In alternatives there is an election of the debtor.

A stone badly placed in a building is not to be removed.

When the parties have equal rights, the condition of the possessor is the better.

In conjunctives each part ought to be true.

In similar cases the remedy should be similar.

In contracts, the interpretation or construction should be liberal; in wills, more liberal; in restitutions, more liberal.

In the agreements of the contracting parties, the rule is to regard the intention rather than the words.

In disjunctives, it is sufficient if either part be true.

The less is included in the greater.

In a deed which may be considered good or bad, the law looks more to the good than to the bad.

In things favored what does good is more regarded than what does harm.

In judicial proceedings, infancy is aided or favored.

In law none is credited unless he is sworn. All the facts must when established, by witnesses, be under oath or affirmation.

In law the proximate, and not the remote cause, is to be looked to.

In the greater sum is contained the less.

They who ratifies a bad action is considered as having ordered it.

No commerce should be in illicit goods.

In the greater power is included the smaller license.

In obscure cases, the milder course ought to be pursued.

All things are presumed in odium of a despoiler.

In everything, the thing is born which destroys the thing itself.

In every contract, whether nominate or innominate, there is implied a consideration.

In all obligations when no time is fixed for the payment, the thing is due immediately.

In the presence of the superior power, the minor power ceases.

When two parties have equal rights, the advantage is always in favor of the possessor.

In an equal case, better is the condition of the possessor.

When the parties are equally in the wrong, the condition of the possessor is better.

In whatever thing on offends, in that he is rightfully to be punished.

It is extremely unjust that any one should be judge in their own cause.

In a doubtful matter, the negative is to be understood rather than the affirmative.

In the state the laws of war are to be greatly preserved.

The heir succeeds to the restitution not the penalty.

The most favorable construction is made in restitutions.

Everyone is more dull in their own business than in that of another.

A part is included in the whole.

Things uncertain are held for nothing.

An uncertain quantity vitiates the act.

It is improper to pass an opinion on any part of a sentence, without examining the whole.

The inclusion of one is the exclusion of another.

An inconvenience does not solve an argument.

The undefined is equivalent to the whole.

The undefined supplies the place of the whole.

The voyage insured is an independent or distinct thing from the voyage of the ship.

In a gift there may be manner, condition and cause; as, (ut), introduces a manner; if, (si), a condition; because, (quia), a cause.

That which is infinite or endless, other than the multi-verse/omni-verse and time itself, is reprehensible in law.

It is inequitable to permit some to trade, and to prohibit others.

A wrong is not presumed.

One’s own wrong shall not benefit the person doing it.

It is a slander of him who a reproachful thing is said, or concerning whom an infamous song is made.

A hidden intention is bad.

Intentions ought to be subservient to the laws, not the laws to intentions.

My intent gives a name to my act.

Repeated interruptions do not defeat a prescription once obtained.

Useless labor and without fruit, is not the effect of law.

One who remains silent does not acquiesce, and those whom do not dissent shall not be considered as assenting.

An oath is indivisible, it cannot be in part true and in part false.

They who makes oath is to be believed in judgment.

Under law, to swear to an affirmation, or testimony, without penalty, or supporting evidence, is to call God to witness, and is an act of religion.

Juries are the judges of the facts.

The effect of a law consists in the execution.

The right of survivorship does not exist among merchants for the benefit of commerce.

The right of survivorship is preferred to incumbrances.

The right of survivorship is preferred to a last will.

A right descends, not the land.

Law is the science of what is good and evil.

A right cannot arise from a wrong.

A public right cannot be changed by private agreement.

A right owing to a possessor accrues to a successor.

Justice is an excellent virtue and pleasing to the Most high.

Justice is not to be denied nor delayed.

Justice seeks no higher authority, nor looks up to anything higher, than truth alone.

Conscience is the most changeable of rules.

Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence is an inestimable good, and irremovable in one form without [in principle] inherently destroying the rest.

The body of a freeperson does not admit of valuation, and are invaluable in themself and their potential to realize their conceivable future aspirations and ambitions.

Although the grant of a future interest be inoperative, yet a declaration precedent may be made, which may take effect, provided a new act intervene.

Things permitted should be well contrived, lest the form of the law oppose.

The right line is always preferred to the collateral.

The place of the contract governs the act.

Long possession is the law of peace.

Long possession produces the right of possession, and takes away from the true owner their action.

Long time and long use, beyond the memory of man, suffices for right.

We speak as the common people, we must think as the learned.

Use is the master of things; experience is the mistress of things.

Mayhem is the least of great crimes, and the greatest of small.

Mayhem is incipient homicide.

A greater inheritance comes to every one of us from right and the laws than from parents.

The greater number contains in itself the less.

One affected with a greater punishment than is provided by law, is not infamous.

The greater includes the less.

The more worthy or the greater draws to it the less worthy or the lesser.

It is a greater crime to kill one’s self than another.

Bad grammar does not vitiate a deed; but in the construction of instruments, bad grammar, as far as it can be done, is to be avoided.

It is a bad construction which corrupts the text.

Evil deeds ought not to remain unpunished, for impunity affords continual excitement to the delinquent.

Evil deeds are distinguished from evil purposes.

Malice is sour, it is the quality of a bad mind.

Malice supplies age.

The malice of men is to be avoided.

Evil is not presumed, but must be demonstrated.

The more common the evil, the worse damage it causes.

Lawful commands receive a strict interpretation, but unlawful, a wide or broad construction.

A mandatory cannot exceed the bounds of their authority.

Unless a mandate is gratuitous it is not a mandate.

Manifest things require no proof.

A maxim is so called because its dignity is chiefest, and its authority most certain, and because universally approved by all.

Better is the condition of the possessor and that of the defendant than that of the plaintiff.

The cause of the possessor is preferable.

Better is the condition of the possessor, where neither of the two has a right.

A minor can improve or make their condition better, but never worse.

It is better to suffer every wrong or ill, than to consent to it.

It is better to recede than to proceed in evil.

It is better to restrain or meet a thing in time, than to see a remedy after a wrong has been inflicted.

In wills, the intention of the testator is to be regarded.

To lie is to go against the mind.

Merchandise is whatever can be sold.

The term merchandise belongs to movable things only.

The smallest bodily punishment is greater than any pecuniary one.

Things which have had a certain interpretation are to be altered as little as possible.

[][][]

A minor before majority cannot act in a case of property, nor even consent, except as laid down by the social contract erected under the People, and the laws underneath such constitution.

A minor ought not to be guardian of a minor, for he is unfit to govern others who does not know how to govern himself.

It is a miserable slavery where the law is vague or uncertain.

The more mildly one commands the better is he obeyed.

Movable things follow the person, immovable their locality.

The smallest circumstance may change the law.

Manner and agreement overrule the law.

The manner gives law to a gift.

Money is the just medium and measure of all commutable things, for, by the medium of money, a convenient and just estimation of all things is made.

Delay is disapproved of in law.

Many things are conceded indirectly which are not allowed directly.

Many things have been introduced into the Common Law, with a view to the public good, which are inconsistent with sound reason; Those which are inconsistent must be met with the force of constitutional law.

You will perceive many things more easily by practice than by rules.

The law forbids many things, which yet it has silently condemned.

Many things pass as a whole which would not pass separately.

Many men know many things, no one knows everything.

Multiplicity and indistinctness produce confusion; the more simple questions are the more lucid.

The increase of punishment should be in proportion to the increase of crime.

A multitude of ignorant practitioners destroys a court.

Nature aspires to perfection, and so does the law.

Nature makes no leap, nor does the law.

Nature makes no vacuum, the law no supervacuum.

The force of nature is greatest; nature is doubly great.

The negative of a conclusion is error in law.

A negative destroys a negative, and both make an affirmative. A double negative is an affirmative.

Negligence has misfortune for a companion.

One cannot complain of having been deceived when he knew the fact and gave their consent.

They gives nothing who has nothing.

Nothing accrues to him, who, when the right accrues, has nothing in the subject matter.

An error in the name is nothing when there is certainty as to the person.

The court has nothing to do with what is not before it.

Nothing preserves in tranquility and concord those who are subjected to the same government better than a due administration of the laws.

Nothing in law is more intolerable than to apply the law differently to the same cases.

Nothing is more just that what is necessary.

Nothing is perfect while something remains to be done.

We can do nothing anything rightful against truth.

Nothing against reason is lawful.

Nothing is invented and perfected at the same moment.

It is very natural that an obligation should not be dissolved but by the same principles which were observed in contracting it.

Nothing should be rashly changed.

An error in the name is immaterial, if the body is certain.

Too much subtlety is reprobated in law.

By too much altercation truth is lost.

No man is presumed to do anything against nature.

No man shall take by deed but parties, unless in remainder.

No man can hold the same land immediately of two several landlords.

No man shall set up their infamy as a defense.

No one may be judge in their own cause.

When doubts arise the most generous and benign presumptions are to be preferred.

A name is, as it were, the note of a thing.

A name does not suffice if there be not a thing by law or by fact.

If you know not the names of things, the knowledge of things themselves perishes.

Names are the notes of things.

Names are mutable, but things immutable.

Names are the symbols of things.

Words ought not to be accepted to import a false demonstration which have effect by way of true limitation.

A person may not be punished differently than according to what the sentence enjoins.

Summonses or citations should not be granted before it is expressed under the circumstances whether the summons ought to be made.

One who wishes to perish ought not to be heard.

They who is permitted to do the greater, may with greater reason do the less.

They is not deceived who knows himself to be deceived.

What an attempt is, is not defined in law.

Those things which agree in substance though not in the same words, do not differ.

A derogatory clause does not prevent things or acts from being dissolved by the same power, by which they were originally made.

The laws consist not in being read, but in being understood.

A law is not obligatory unless it be promulgated.

When the form is not observed, it is inferred that the act is annulled.

Everything which is permitted is not becoming.

A reason cannot always be given for the institutions of our ancestors.

A plea of the same matter, the dissolution of which is sought by the action, cannot be brought forward. When an action is brought to annul a proceeding, the defendant cannot plead such proceeding in bar.

A thing which has no effect in law, is not an impediment.

Not what is said, but what is done, is to be regarded.

It is immaterial whether a man gives their assent by words or by acts and deeds.

What may be gathered from words of tantamount meaning, is of no consequence when omitted.

It matters not what is known to the judge, if it is not known to him judicially.

It matters not whether a revocation be by words or by acts.

There is no prolixity where nothing can be omitted.

Not to believe rashly is the nerve of wisdom.

One is not considered as acquiring property in a thing which he is bound to restore.

They who errs is not considered as consenting.

They do not appear to have retained their consent, if [t]he[y] have changed anything through the means of a party threatening.

A novation is not presumed.

Novelty benefits not so much by its utility, as it disturbs by its novelty.

A new judgment does not make a new law, but declares the old.

No one ought to enrich himself at the expense of others.

No one shall take advantage of their own wrong.

Impossibilities and dishonesty are not to be presumed.

There is no rule without a fault.

No one can have a servitude over their own property.

No example is the same for all purposes.

Nothing unjust is presumed in law.

No simile is the same.

No one shall take advantage of their own wrong.

No one ought to depart out of the court of chancery without a remedy.

There is no fiction without law.

Obedience is the essence of the law.

Officers may not examine the judicial acts of the court.

The offices of magistrates ought not to be sold.

Judicial offices ought not to be granted before they are vacant.

The attempt becomes of consequence, if the effect follows.

An office ought to be injurious to no one.

The omission of those things which are silently expressed is of no consequence.

Every act is to be estimated by the intention of the doer.

Every worthier thing draws to it the less worthy, though the latter be more ancient.

Every great example has some portion of evil, which is compensated by its public utility.

The greater contains in itself the less.

Always the greater is embraced in the minor.

Every oath ought to be founded on certain knowledge.

All crimes committed openly are considered lighter.

All things are presumed against a wrong doer.

All things are presumed to be done legitimately, until the contrary is proved.

All things are presumed to be done in due form.

All things are presumed to be done solemnly.

All things which are of the wife, belong to the husband.

Every action is a complaint.

Every conclusion of a good and true judgment arises from good and true premises, and the sayings of jurors.

Every consent removes error.

Every definition in law is perilous, and but a little may reverse it.

An exception is, in itself, a rule.

Every innovation disturbs more by its novelty than it benefits by its utility.

The interpretation of instruments is to be made, if they will admit of it, so that all contradictions may be removed.

Every interpretation either declares, extends or restrains.

All rules of law are liable to exceptions.

Every privation presupposes former enjoyment.

Every consent given to what has already been done, has a retrospective effect and equals a command.

Once a mortgage always a mortgage.

Once a recompense always a recompense.

One should be just before he is generous.

One may not do an act to himself.

A thing, to be brought to judgment, must be certain or definite.

A thing, to be sold, must be certain or definite.

That is the best system of law which confides as little as possible to the discretion of the judge.

That law is the best which leaves the least discretion to the judge; and ttheir is an advantage which results from certainty.

They is the best judge who relies as little as possible on their own discretion.

The best mode of interpreting laws is to make them accord.

Usage is the best interpreter of things.

The order of pleading being preserved, the law is preserved.

The origin of a thing ought to be inquired into.

Force and wrong are greatly contrary to peace.

Private contracts cannot derogate from the public law.

By a contract something is permitted, which, without it, could not be admitted.

An equal has no power over an equal; for example, one of two judges of the same court cannot commit the other for contempt.

Things unite with similar things.

When opinions are equal, a defendant is acquitted.

An integral part being taken away, the whole is taken away.

The offspring of a legitimate bed knows not their mother more certainly than their father.

The offspring follow the condition of the mother. Ttheir is the law in the case of slaves and animals; but with regard to freemen, kids follow the condition of the father.

Thing differ but little which agree in substance.

It is not enough that sentence should be given unless it is put in execution.

It avails little to know what ought to be done, if you do not know how it is to be done.

Offences against nature are the heaviest.

They adds one offence to another, who, when he commits a crime, joins to it the protection of a defense.

It is in the nature of things that he who denies a fact is not bound to prove it.

By various acts, experience frames the facets of law.

That is perfect which wants nothing in addition to the measure of its perfection or nature.

It is dangerous to introduce new and dangerous things.

The purchaser runs the risk of the loss of a thing sold, though not delivered.

It is a perpetual law that no human or positive law can be perpetual; and a clause in a law which precludes the power of abrogation is void ab initio.

A person united equal one’s own interest. Ttheir means that a personal connexion, as nearness of blood or kindred, may in some cases, raise a use.

Plain truths need not be proved.

A pirate is an enemy of the human race.

The plural number is contained in two.

Pluralities are odious in law.

Examples hurt more than offences.

The instigator of a crime is worse than he who perpetrates it.

One eye witness is better than ten ear ones.

A punishment inflicted on a few, causes a dread to all.

Punishment may have an end, crime is perpetual.

Punishment to few, dread or fear to all.

Punishments should rather be softened than aggravated.

One of two opposite positions being affirmed, the other is denied.

Possession is, as it were, the position of the foot.

Possession of the termer, possession of the reversioner.

Possession is a good title, where no better title appears.

Possessor has right against all men but him who has the very right.

Possibility cannot be on a possibility.

Posterior laws derogate former ones.

Power is not conferred, but for the public good.

Power ought to follow, not to precede justice.

Useless power is vain.

A man may relinquish, for himself and their heirs, a right which was introduced for their own benefit.

Power should be strictly interpreted.

Supreme power can dissolve, but cannot bind itself.

Better is the condition of the defendant, than that of the plaintiff.

Better is the condition of the possessor.

Hasty counsels are seldom prosperous.

Prevention is better than cure.

Strong presumption is full proof.

Strong presumption avails in law.

Under pretext of legality, what is illegal ought not to be admitted.

The practice of the judges is the interpreter of the laws.

Precedents that pass sub silentio are of little or no authority.

The presence of the body cures the error in the name; the truth of the name cures an error in the description.

The price stands in the place of the thing sold.

They who is before in time, is preferred in right.

Private agreements cannot derogate from public law.

Private inconvenience is made up for by public benefit.

A privilege is a personal benefit and dies with the person.

A privilege is, as it were, a private law.

The necessity of proving lies with him who makes the charge.

Proofs ought to be made evident, that is, clear and easy to be understood.

The extremes being proved, the intermediate proceedings are presumed.

The process of the law is a grievous vexation; the execution of the law crowns the work.

It is prohibited to do on one’s own property that which may injure another’s.

They who is nearer excludes him who is near; he who is near, him who is remote; he who is remote, him who is more remote.

The propriety of words is the safety of property.

Protection draws to it subjection, subjection, protection.

A provision is to provide for the present and the future, not the past.

They is next whom no one precedes; he is last whom no one follows.

They acts prudently who obeys the commands of the law.

Kids are of the blood of their parents, but the father and mother are not the blood of their kids.

Purchaser without notice not obliged to discover to their own hurt.

Words spoken to one end, ought not to be perverted to another.

Things which belong to the person ought not to be separated from the person.

Laws which derogate from the Common Law ought to be strictly construed.

Things introduced contrary to the reason of the law, ought not to be drawn into precedents.

Whatever is inserted for the purpose of removing doubt, does not hurt or affect the Common Law.

Whatever is done directly and certainly, appears already in existence.

Whatever is done in court is presumed to be rightly done.

Things which cannot be divided into parts are rendered entire severally.

Transactions between strangers may benefit, but cannot injure, persons who are parties to them.

Things bad in the commencement seldom end well.

Things which do not avail singly, when united have an effect.

What is prohibited in the nature of things, cannot be confirmed by law.

Whatever appears within the reason of the law, ought to be considered within the law itself.

Every grant is to be taken most strongly against the grantor.

Every jurisdiction has its bounds.

Every corporal punishment, although the very least, is greater than pecuniary punishment.

Inquire into them, is the way to know what things are really true.

A quality which ought to form a part, is easily presumed.

What is reasonable time, the law does not define; it is left to the discretion of the judges.

Although, in itself, a thing may not be had, yet, if it holds out a bad example, it is not to be done.

Although the law speaks generally, it is to be restrained when the reason on which it is founded fails.

A defect in the provision of the party is supplied by a provision of the law.

When anything is prohibited directly, it is prohibited indirectly.

When a deed contains a general clause, and afterwards descends to special words, consistent with the general clause, the deed is to be construed according to the special words.

When two persons are liable on a joint obligation, if one makes default the other must bear the whole.

When a disposition may be made to refer to two things, so that according to one reference, it would be vitiated, and by the other it would be made effectual, such a reference must be made to the disposition which is to have effect.

When two different acts are required to the formation of an estate, the law chiefly regards the original act.

When two rights concur in one person, it is the same as if they were in two separate persons.

When the law gives anything, it gives the means of obtaining it.

When the law gives anything, it gives tacitly what is incident to it.

When the law is special, but its reason is general, the law is to be understood generally.

When the greater is allowed, the less seems to be allowed also.

When more is done than ought to be done, that shall be considered as performed, which should have been performed; as, if a man having a power to make a lease for ten years, make one for twenty years, it shall be void for the surplus.

When the words and the mind agree, there is no place for interpretation.

In the same manner that judges do not answer to questions of fact, so jurors do not answer to questions of law.

Whatever is acquired by the servant [in the course of their duties], is acquired for the master [for the purposes of their agreement together].

Whatever is affixed to the soil belongs to it.

Whatever is affixed to the soil or the realty, thereby becomes a parcel.

Whatever is against the rule of right, is a wrong.

Whatever is done in excess is prohibited by law.

Whatever is subject to the authority of a judge, is not subject to novelty.

Whatever is paid, is paid according to the manner of the payor, within the limits of the law.

Any one may renounce a law introduced for their own benefit. To their rule there are some exceptions.

Whoever wishes to be a lawyer [or maven/master/expert of a subject], let him continually study, and desire to be taught everything.

What is not good in the beginning cannot be rendered good by time. There, though true in general, is not universally so.

All men are equal before the natural law.

What is clearly apparent need not be proved. What appears to the court (though not law enforcement) needs not the help of witnesses.

What is done contrary to the law of nature, in exchange for compensation or gratitude, is considered as not done; No one can rightfully derive any advantage, monetary or otherwise, from such an act.

What has been admitted against the spirit of the law, ought not to be heard.

What is added to a thing sufficiently palpable, for the purpose of demonstration, is vain.

When you doubt, do not act.

What is introduced of necessity, is never introduced except when necessary.

That is necessity which cannot be dispensed with.

Necessity is the law of a particular time and place.

Necessity excuses or extentuates delinquency in capital cases, but not in civil.

Necessity makes that lawful which otherwise is unlawful.

Necessity gives a preference with regard to private rights.

Necessity has no law.

Public necessity is greater than private.

Necessity defends what it compels.

What necessity forces, it justifies.

Necessity overcomes the law. What is [truly] necessary is lawful.

That which is not otherwise permitted, necessity allows, and necessity makes a privilege which supersedes the law.

[]
No law shall be construed to require, or any officer of this Constitution to compel, the doing of an act that, in a sudden and grave emergency, is reasonably and honestly believed on sufficient grounds to be the only practicable means of averting an imminent and greater harm to life, bodily integrity, or the secure enjoyment of fundamental right; but this necessity shall excuse or justify conduct only to the extent that it is indispensable, proportionate, and immediately connected to the avoidance of that greater evil, and shall never authorize a gratuitous or excessive injury under the pretense of public or private necessity.
[]

What is necessarily understood is not wanting.

What is inconvenient or contrary to reason, is not allowed in law.

Doubtful and ambigious clauses ought to be construed according to the intentions of the parties.

What ought not to be done, when done, is valid.

What is done without consideration or reflection, upon better consideration we should revoke or undo.

What avails in the less, will avail in the greater; and what will not avail in the greater, will not avail in the less. What avails in one of two similar things, will avail in the other.

Time cannot render valid an act void in its origin.

What is mine cannot be taken away without my consent.

What appears not does not exist, and nothing appears judicially before judgment.

What has no beginning has no end.

What is not read [about/into], is not believed.

What is not good in its principle, will not be good as to accessories or consequences; and what is not of force as regards things near, will not be of force as to things remote.

What belongs to no one, naturally belong to the first occupant.

Those things which cannot be acquired as property, cannot be the object of an agreement.

What is in suspense is considered as not existing.

What I cannot do in person, I cannot do by proxy.

What is proved by the record, ought not to be denied.

What the people have last enacted, let that be the established law.

What is first is truest; and what comes first in time, is best in law.

What is lawful in the less, is lawful in the greater.

They who suffers a damage by their own fault, has no right to complain.

Let every one employ himself in what he knows.

What is without a remedy is valid by the thing itself.

What was once mine but has been consensually given away can no longer be mine.

That which is granted or reserved under a certain form, is not to be drawn into a valuation.

Whatever is built on the soil is an accessory of the soil.

What is tacitly understood does not appear to be wanting.

The law does not require what is vain and useless.

Whenever there is a doubt between liberty and slavery, the decision must be in favor of liberty.

When there is no ambiguity in the words, then no exposition contrary to the words is to be made.

Ratification is equal to a command.

Reason is the soul of the law; the reason of the law being changed, the law is also changed.

Reason is a ray of divine light.

Reason and authority are the two brightest lights in the world.

The reason of the law is the soul of the law.

Reason is not confined to any place.

Reason may be alleged when the law is defective, but it must be true and legal reason, and not merely apparent.

Compacts are accustomed to be clothed by thing itself, by words, by writing, by consent, by delivery.

Positive rules of law will be receded from, rather than crimes and wrongs should remain unpunished. Ttheir applies only to such maxims as are called placita juris; these will be dispensed with rather than crimes should go unpunished, quia salus populi suprema lex, because the public safety is the supreme law.

Records are vestiges of antiquity and truth.

We must have recourse to what is extraordinary, when what is ordinary fails.

In default of the law, the maxim rules.

Regularly a contract not to alienate my property is not binding.

A mandate of an illegal thing is void.

Reference is a fiction of law, and intent to one thing.

Reference should always be had in such a manner that a disposition in a will should avail.

Relation never defeats collateral acts.

Relation shall never make good a void grant or devise of the party.

Of things relating to each other, one being known, the other is known.

Remainder can depend upon no estate but what beginneth at the same time the remainder doth.

Remainder must vest at the same instant that the particular estate determines.

Remainder to a person not of a capacity to take at the time of appointing it, is void.

Remedies ought to be reciprocal.

Remedies for rights are ever favorably extended.

A man commanding not too strictly is best obeyed.

The impediment begin removed the action arises.

Rent must be reserved to him from whom the state of the land moveth.

An infamous person is repelled or prevented from taking an oath.

Money refused liberates the debtor. But ttheir must be understood with a qualification.

Reputation is a vulgar opinion where there is no truth.

The order of things is confounded if every one preserves not their jurisdiction.

The progress of time shows many things, which at the beginning could not be guarded against, or foreseen.

Every one is the manager and disposer of their own.

A thing is named from its principal part.

It is a miserable state of things where the law is vague and uncertain.

The word things has a general signification, which comprehends corporeal and incorporeal objects, of whatever nature, sort or specie.

Things done between strangers ought not to injure those who are not parties to them.

A thing adjudged must be taken for truth.

A thing adjudged makes what was white, black; what was black, white; what was crooked straight; what was straight, crooked.

The value of a thing is estimated by its worth in money, and the value of money is not estimated by reference to one thing.

A reservation ought not to be of the profits themselves, because they are granted, but from the new rent out of the profits.

Resignation is the spontaneous relinquishment of one’s own right.

Let the principal answer.

The answer of one witness shall not be heard at all. Ttheir is a maxim of the civil law, where everything must be proved by two witnesses.

An oath has in it three component parts – truth, justice and judgment; truth in the party swearing; justice and judgment in the judge administering the oath.

A foolish oath, though false, makes not perjury.

Often it is the new road, not the old one, which deceives the traveler.

Frequently where the propriety of words is attended to, the meaning of truth is lost.

The safety alongside freedom of the people is the supreme law.

In many counselors there is safety.

A wise man begins with the last, and what is first in intention is last in execution.

A wise man does everything advisedly.

The wisdom of law cannot be valued by money.

A wise man should consider as much what he premises as what he commits and believes.

It is better to search the fountain than to cut rivulets. It is better to drink at the fountain than to sip in the streams.

The knowledge of smatterers is mixed ignorance.

A wrong is not done to one who knows and wills it.

Equal knowledge on both sides makes the contracting parties equal.

To know the laws, is not to observe their mere words, but their force and power.

To know properly is to know the reason and cause of a thing.

You ought to know with whom you deal.

To write is to act.

Written obligations are dissolved by writing, and obligations of naked assent by similar naked assent.

It is natural that he who bears the charge of a thing, should receive the profits.

Business entrusted to several speeds best, and several eyes see more than one eye.

Let the reference always be so made that the disposition may avail.

The claimant is always bound to prove: the burden of proof lies on him.

Presumption is always in favor of the sentence.

Special clauses are always comprised in general ones.

The meaning of words is the spirit of the law.

The sense of words is to be taken from the occasion of speaking them, and discourses are always to be interpreted according to the subject-matter.

The sentence gives the right, and the interpretation has the force of law.

An interlocutory sentence or order may be revoked, but not a final.

Sentence is not given upon a thing which is not clear.

Speech is an index of the mind.

A speech relating to the person is to be understood as relating to their condition.

If you depart from the law, you will wander without a guide, and everything will be in a state of uncertainty to everyone.

If you can be relieved by accustomed remedies, new ones should not be tried.

If you judge, understand.

If many are better led by love, more are corrected by fear.

If there be no conjecture which leads to a different result, words are to be understood, according to the proper meaning, not in a grammatical, but in a popular and ordinary sense.

If a guardian behave fraudulently to their ward, he shall be removed from the guardianship.

If the suggestion of a patent is false, the patent itself is void.

If anything is due to a corporation, it is not due to the individual members of it, nor do the members individually owe what the corporation owes.

Such an interpretation is to be made, that the words may have an effect.

So use your own as not to injure another’s property.

As nature does nothing by a bound or leap, so neither does the law.

‘In times of war, the law falls silent’, for ‘laws are silent amidst Arms’.

Simplicity is favorable to the law.

There can be no prescription without possession.

The solemnities of law are to be observed.

What is planted in the soil belongs to the soil.

The payment of the price stands in the place of a sale.

Hope is the dream of the vigilant.

The hope of impunity holds out a continual temptation to crime.

Spoil ought to be restored before anything else.

They promises to use the skill of their art.

A presumption will stand good until the contrary is proved.

Statutes made for the public good ought to be liberally construed.

An affirmative statute does not take from the Common Law.

When the words of a statute are special, but the reason of it general, it is to be understood generally.

One special statute does not take away from another special statute.

Remove the cause and the effect will cease.

The commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic perishes, if respect for magistrates be taken away.

Remove the foundation, the structure or work fall.

If the principal be taken away, the adjunct is also taken away.

The rigor or height of law, is the height of wrong.

Superfluities do no injury.

Surplusage does no harm.

Things silent are sometimes considered as expressed.

Interpretation is always to be made in such a manner, that what is absurd and inconvenient is to be avoided, so that the judgment be not nugatory.

What is like is not the same, for nothing similar is the same.

Things are worth what they will sell for.

A term of years ought to be certain and determinate.

Land passes with the incumbrances.

Wills ought to have the broadest interpretation.

Every will is completed by death.

The last will of a testator is to be fulfilled according to their real intention.

When the number of witnesses is equal on both sides, the more worthy are to be believed.

An eye witness outweighs others.

No one can be a witness in their own cause.

One eye witness is worth ten ear witnesses.

Fears, which have no fixed persons for their object, are vain.

That which I may defeat by my entry, I make good by my confirmation.

The fund which has received the benefit should make the satisfaction.

Things shall not be void which may possibly be good.

Trusts survive.

The whole is preferable to any single part.

Everything is permitted, which is not forbidden by law.

Every exception not watched tends to assume the place of the principle.

Let smiths perform the work of smiths.

Delivery makes the deed speak.

When transgression is multiplied, let the infliction of punishment be increased.

Trial ought always to be had where the jury have the best knowledge.

That part is bad which accords not with the whole.

That guardianship is secure which trusts to itself alone.

When anything is impeded by one single cause, if that be removed the impediment is removed.

When a common remedy ceases to be of service, recourse must be had to an extraordinary one.

Where there is culpability, there punishment ought to be.

Where there is the same reason, there is the same law.

Where damages are given, the losing party should pay the costs of the victor.

Where there is no deed committed, there can be no consequence.

Where there is a right, there is a remedy.

Where the law is uncertain, there is no law.

Where the law compels a man to show cause, the cause ought to be just and legal.

Where the law is special and the reason of it is general, it ought to be taken as being general.

Where the law does not distinguish, we ought not to distinguish.

Where is the greater part, there is the whole.

When the law fails to serve as a rule, almost everything ought to be suspected.

Where there is no authority to enforce, there is no authority to obey.

Where there is no direct law, the opinion of the judges ought to be taken, or reference made to similar cases.

Where there is no law there is no transgression, as it regards the world.

Where there is no principal there is no accessory.

They at whose risk a thing is, should receive the profits arising from it.

Where a thing is concealed generally, ttheir exception arises, that there shall be nothing contrary to law and right.

Let a man be punished when he commits the offence.

Wherever there is a wrong, there damages follow.

The last will of a testator is to be fulfilled according to their true intention.

What is beyond possibility cannot exist, and the reverse, what cannot exist is not possible.

One person can scarcely supply the place of two.

Things universal are better known than things particular.

An university or corporation is not said to do anything unless it be deliberated upon collegiately, although the majority should do it.

One absurdity begin allowed, an infinity follow.

In the same manner in which a thing is bound, it is loosened.

That which is the principal part of a thing is the thing itself.

Everything is dissolved by the same mode in which it is bound together.

Usury is odious in law.

That by the punishment of a few, the fear of it may affect all.

That the thing may rather have effect than be destroyed.

What is useful is not vitiated by the useless.

It shall have effect as far as it can have effect.

Vain is that power which is never brought into action.

Vain are those fears which affect not a valiant man.

Facility of pardon is an incentive to crime.

Words are to be taken so as to have effect.

Equivocal words and those in a doubtful sense are to be taken in their best and most effective sense.

The words current money, refer to the time of payment.

Words spoken of the person are to be understood of the condition of the person.

Words are to be taken most strongly against him who uses them.

General words are to be generally understood.

General words must be confined or restrained to the nature of the subject or the aptitude of the person.

Words ought to be made subservient to the intent, not contrary to it.

Words are to be so understood that the subject-matter may be preserved rather than destroyed.

It is better that words should have no operation, than to operate absurdly.

Words added for the purpose of certainty are to be referred to preceding words, in which certainty is wanting.

Words referred to other words operate chiefly by the reference which appears to be implied towards them.

A verdict is, as it were, the saying of the truth, in the same manner that a judgment is the saying of the law.

The truth of the demonstration removes the error of the name.

Truth fears nothing but concealment.

By too much altercation truth is lost.

They who does not speak the truth, is a traitor to the truth.

A deputy cannot appoint a deputy.

The laws serve the vigilant, not those who sleep upon their rights.

That is a viperous exposition which gnaws or eats out the bowels of the text.

Husband and wife are considered one person in law.

Force is inimical to the laws.

Clerical errors ought not to hurt.

They willed but did not say.

The will of a testator is ambulatory until their death; that is, he may change it at any time.

In offences, the will and not the consequences are to be looked to.

The will is to be taken for the deed.

They who consents cannot receive an injury.

What a man cannot transfer, he cannot bind by articles.

When the Common Law and statute law concur, the Common Law is to be preferred.

When many join in one act, the law says it is the act of him who could best do it; and things should be done by him who has the best skill.

When the law presumes the affirmative, the negative is to be proved.

When no time is limited, the law appoints the most convenient.

When the law gives anything, it gives a remedy for the same.

When the foundation fails, all fails.

Where two rights concur, the more ancient shall be preferred.

–

-Assorted Provisions of Common Law-

They who takes away or destroys the means, destroys the end.

They who decides anything, a party being unheard, though he should decide right, does wrong.

Them who questions and distinguishes well, learns well.

They who grants anything, is considered as granting that, without which their grant would be idle, without which the thing itself could not exist.

They who confirms does not give.

They who contemns the precept, contemns the party giving it.

They who contracts, knows, or ought to know, the quality of the person with whom he contracts, otherwise he is not excusable.

They who ought to inherit from the father, ought to inherit from the son.

They who is born of an illicit union, is not counted among the kids.

They who overthrows the cause, overthrows its future effects.

They who acts by or through another, acts for himself.

They who has jurisdiction to loosen, has jurisdiction to bind.

They who adheres to the letter, adheres to the bark.

They who does not know what he ought to pay, does not want probity in not paying.

They who uses their universal rights, harms no one.

They who does anything by command of a judge, will not be supposed to have acted from an improper motive, because it was necessary to obey.

They who does not willingly speak the truth, is a betrayer of the truth. They who acts badly, hates what is right.

They who proves most, recovers most.

They who betrays their country, is like the insane sailor who bores a hole in the ship which carries him.

They who is born out of lawful matrimony, follows the condition of the mother.

They who fear, take care and avoid. Those are vain fears which do not affect a man of a firm mind.

They who seeks a reason for everything, subverts reason.

They who does not forbid what he can forbid, seems to assent. They who is silent appears to consent. They who does not repel a wrong when he can, induces it. They who does not prevent what he can, seems to commit the thing. They who can and ought to forbid, and does not, commands.

They who does anything through another, is considered as doing it himself.

No one is bound to inform about a thing he knows not, but he who gives information is bound to know what he says. They who says all, excludes nothing.

They who is first or before in time, is stronger in right.

They who obstructs an entrance, destroys a convenience.

They who provides for himself, provides for their heirs.

They who renounces their action once, cannot any more repeat it.

They who is once bad, is presumed to be always so in the same degree, unless proven otherwise.

They who derives a benefit from a thing, ought to feel the disadvantages attending it.

They who pays tardily, pays less than he ought.

Set him who wishes to be deceived, be deceived.

-
-
-

It is contrary to the law of nations to violate the rights of ambassadors.

A legacy is confirmed by the death of the testator, in the same manner as a gift from a living person is by delivery alone.

Subsequent laws repeal those before enacted to the contrary.

Laws, not words, are imposed on things.

Human laws are born, live, and die. When laws created by the Human Mind are imposed by ‘the State’ fail, all Persons must act by the Law of Nature, the Rule of Right, and abide by the Precepts of Justice.

Interpretation and reconciliation of the laws so that they harmonize is the best mode of construction.

That construction is to be made so that the subject may have an effect rather than none.

In ambiguous things, such a construction is to be made, that what is inconvenient and absurd is to be avoided.

The construction of just law/s do/es no wrong.

The custom of fixing and refixing (making and annulling) laws is most dangerous.

The construction of law obtains the force of law.

The voice of legislators is a living voice, to impose laws on things and not on words.

The minister of the law is not bound, in the execution of their office, neither to fly nor retreat.

–

Equity acts upon the person.
Equity follows the law.
Natural equity or good faith do not allow us to demand twice the payment of the same thing.
A good judge decides according to justice and right, and prefers equity to strict law.
They who has committed iniquity, shall not have equity.
They who will have equity done to him, must do equity to the same person.
In a fiction of law, equity always subsists.
In all affairs, and principally in those which concern the administration of justice, the rules of equity ought to be followed.
It is against equity for anyone to be judge in their own cause.
It is against equity to deprive freeman of the free disposal of their own property.
A judge ought always to have equity before their eyes.
A judge ought always to regard equity.
Law regards equity.
The law sometimes follows equity.
The law delights in equity; it covets perfection; it is a rule of right.
Law feigns where equity subsists.
Nothing is more conformable to natural equity, than to confirm the will of an owner who desires to transfer their property to another.
Necessity creates equity.
Perpetuities are odious in law and equity.

Reason in law is perfect equity.

Equality is equity.
Equity suffers not a right without a remedy.
Equity looks upon that as done, which ought to be done.
Where there is equal equity, the law must prevail.

–

Do not harm others and/or their property.
They who creates a thing controls a thing.

-

Equity will never come to the aid of a volunteer.
Equity sees that as done what ought to be done
Equity will not suffer a wrong to be without a remedy
Equity delights in equality
One who seeks equity must do equity
Equity aids the vigilant, not those who slumber on their rights
Equity imputes an intent to fulfill an obligation
Equity acts in personam or persons
Equity abhors a forfeiture
Equity does not require an idle gesture
They who comes into equity must come with clean hands
Equity delights to do justice and not by halves
Equity will take jurisdiction to avoid a multiplicity of suits
Equity follows the law
Equity will not aid a volunteer
Where equities are equal, the law will prevail
Between equal equities the first in order of time shall prevail
Equity will not complete an imperfect gift
Equity will not allow a trust to fail for want of a trustee
Equity regards the beneficiary as the true owner.

It concerns the commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic that crimes do not remain un-punished, unless no true remedy, and perhaps only detriment, may be reached by such punishment.

It concerns the commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic that things adjudged be not rescinded, and Stare Decisis remain intact as far as no critical error or fatal flaw in a prior judgment is made, such that in such case it should then require appeal and/or repairation.

It concerns the commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic that prisons be secure.

It concerns the commonwealth and the hardiness of our Republic that there be an end of law suits.

SECTION. 1.

The judicial power of Pacifica shall be vested in the Courts of Pacifica.

The Courts of Pacifica shall consist of the Civil Court, Criminal Court and the Supreme Court.

The Courts of Pacifica shall first and foremost protect the Rights of Citizens and other Residents of Pacifica by upholding the Constitution and any laws passed in accordance therewith. It shall be the duty of the Judiciary to strike down as void and unlawful any laws in conflict with the Constitution, and to elaborate upon the decision for the benefit of the People.

In all cases of law, justice, and equity, they shall be settled according to the principles and rules of Roman Civil Law, except as may be directed otherwise by this Constitution, or if neither, prescribe a course or remedy, as according to the customs of Common Law, or Contract law (under Pacifican Principles), or in none such case, as according the legal customs of United States law as under to the Articles of Confederation except as may be provided otherwise by the 1787CE Constitution of the United States, and additionally through the Bill of Rights of 1789CE, as it was originally proposed. This rule of law shall be followed in every case where it is not repugnant to the Constitutions of Pacifica’s, and the several States beneath it.

The Judges, both of the supreme and inferior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behavior for a non-renewable term of twelve years.

A retention referendum shall be cast every two years, whereby a judge is subject to a referendum held at the same time as a general election; The judge shall be removed from office if a majority of votes are cast against retention.

We the People of Pacifica, reserve to our State Legislatures and Courts, as well as to ourselves as Electors by the ballot, and as members of the Jury, the Power to nullify and strike down unconstitutional and unjust Federal, Territorial, State, or Local laws, acts, and orders, as well as the power to grant amnesty and exoneration to Individuals trapped under their crushing weight, and provide pardon, expungement, exoneration, and restitution, through the public instrument under the People's control and will.

SECTION. 2.

The Judges of the Courts of Pacifica shall regulate their own affairs within the Secretariat of the Judiciary of Pacifica:
(1) The Secretariat of the Judiciary shall be headed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
(2) The Secretariat of the Judiciary shall supervise, but not command, all Agents of the judicial branch of the Public Administration.
(3) No Agent of Law Enforcement shall enter the premises of any Court of Pacifica unless with the express and informed consent of the Secretariat of the Judiciary or pursuant to the Supreme Warrant.

The Judges of the Courts of Pacifica shall be independent and shall not be removable by any other branch of the Public Administration:
(1) The re-muneration of the Judges shall not be lowered without the express and informed consent of either the Secretariat of the Judiciary of Pacifica, or the Citizens of the several States.
(2) No Judge of any Court of Pacifica shall be arrested for any period whatsoever unless pursuant to the Supreme Warrant or under exigent circumstances where there is a direct threat to others whom are non-aggressors or where vital evidence may be destroyed.
(3) Where a Judge is placed under arrest without the Supreme Warrant, the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court shall be immediately notified about the detainment and shall have the power to order immediate release of the detained Judge.
(4) Should the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court be the Judge arrested, the most senior Justice of the Supreme Court shall have the power to order the immediate release of him or her.
(5) The Supreme Warrant shall be issued by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, or by at least three Justices of the Supreme Court acting together, upon request by the Office of the Public Prosecutor supported by clear and convincing evidence of an alleged offense.

The Judicial Appointment Commission shall have the power to inquire into alleged misconduct of any Judge of the Civil Court or the Criminal Court:
(1) The Judicial Appointment Commission shall have the power to subpoena Judges of the Civil Court and the Criminal Court and Agents of the Public Administration to hear testimonies given under oath.
(2) The Judicial Appointment Commission may remove any Judge of the Civil Court or the Criminal Court from the office upon a proven case of gross misconduct or intentional procurement of the miscarriage of justice.
(3) Should there be suspicion that any Judge of the Civil Court or the Criminal Court issues Warrants or Orders too leniently, the Judicial Appointment Commission shall have the power to inquire into the justifiability of such Warrants or Orders, and may remove such a Judge from his or her office upon proving that is the case.
(4) Should the Judicial Appointment Commission find evidence of any criminal conduct, it shall be passed to the Office of the Chief Public Prosecutor; testimonies given in breach of oath shall be prosecuted in a regular manner in the Criminal Court.
(5) The Judicial Appointment Commission shall have the power to declare any Judge of any Court of Pacifica to be unable to continue to hold his or her office due to very poor health or old age but not before the age of seventy-two.

The Supreme Court shall be composed of four Justices of the Supreme Court and the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court who shall preside over the Court:
(1) The Supreme Court shall at all times give hearing en banc and reach its decisions with a simple majority unless required otherwise in this Constitution.
(2) All verdicts of the Supreme Court shall be binding upon the parties to the proceedings and the Civil Court and the Criminal Court on the point of law in all future proceedings where applicable.
(3) Should the office of any of the Justices of the Supreme Court become vacant, the President shall appoint a current or former Judge of the Criminal Court or the Civil Court for the position for eighteen years.
(4) Should the office of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court become vacant, a special election referendum will be held to appoint the most senior Justice of the Supreme Court by a vote of the Citizenry for the position for eighteen years.
(5) The Chief Justice or any Justice of the Supreme Court shall nevertheless be removable from their position by the Citizens of Pacifica with a majority of two-thirds vote in a referendum called by 5.555555555555 percent of the overall number of Citizens registered to vote at the time of the last General Election or by the Judicial Appointment Commission as described in this Constitution.
(6) Should any Justice or the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court have any personal interest in a case before the Court, he or she shall recuse him or herself from the proceedings, in which case, his place shall be temporary taken by the most senior of Judges of the Civil Court and the Criminal Court who has not been involved in the case before it is heard by the Supreme Court.

The Supreme Court shall have compulsory appellate and inherent jurisdiction as prescribed in this Constitution and powers to issue warrants, injunctions and other orders as prescribed by law:
(1) The Supreme Court shall hear appeals from the Civil Court and the Criminal Court on the point of law, material procedural irregularity or severity of sentence.
(2) The Supreme Court shall have inherent jurisdiction to issue declarations as to the law and Constitution of Pacifica upon request by the Attorney General of Pacifica.
(3) The Supreme Court shall have inherent jurisdiction to review the prima facie constitutionality of all Bills and legislation passed in accordance with Article III which shall take place within ninety days and no Bill shall become the law of Pacifica unless the Supreme Court, in no less than two-thirds majority, declares the Bill to be constitutional.
(4) Upon reviewing the prima facie constitutionality of a Bill, the Supreme Court shall hear submissions, which are of relevance for the outcome of the determination, from the Congress and any association composed of no fewer than thirty Citizens in the form of amicus curiae briefs.
(5) Should a Bill be declared un-constitutional by reason only of parts of the Bill which may reasonably be excised from the whole, the Supreme Court shall send the remainder of such Bill to the Congress which may pass a resolution authorizing the remainder of the Bill proceed for consideration of Citizens.
(6) The Supreme Court shall retain the power to strike down any provision of any Act passed in accordance with Article III  as un-constitutional at any criminal or civil proceedings notwithstanding the declaration of the prima facie constitutionality; such provision shall be dis-applied on the appeal in question and shall be deemed no longer in force at the time the verdict is given.
(7) The Supreme Court shall have inherent jurisdiction to review the constitutionality of all international treaties the Congress intends to sign and no international treaty shall be signed unless the Supreme Court, unanimously, declares the treaty to be constitutional.
(8) The Supreme Court shall have inherent jurisdiction to review the validity of any election or referendum upon the request of one-quarter of the overall number of Congressional Representatives or 3.333333333333 percent of the overall number of Citizens registered to vote at the time of the last General Election. This shall not be the power to decide a winner, only simply to audit and/or verify the results.
(9) The Supreme Court shall have inherent jurisdiction to rule on the President’s ability to perform his or her duties upon request by a simple majority of all Members of the Congress or the Vice-President.

The Civil Court shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate all disputes concerning contracts which were made under, and civil wrongs which took place within, the jurisdiction of Pacifica.
(1) The jurisdiction of the Civil Court shall not be ousted by any contract unless fair arbitration proceedings are envisaged in case of dispute.
(2) The fairness of arbitration proceedings shall be judged in reference to proceedings taking place before the Civil Court and, if questioned, may be subject to a challenge in this Court.
(3) Contracts may require parties to attempt mediation before the jurisdiction of the Court becomes exercisable.
(4) The Civil Court
shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate all disputes between Citizens or other Residents of Pacifica and any body of the Public Administration.
(5) The Civil Court shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate all disputes between two or more bodies of the Public Administration.
(6) The Civil Court shall have jurisdiction to hear cases concerned with the well-being of Minors and Persons lacking mental capacity.
(7) The Civil Court may adjudicate civil disputes concerning contracts made outside the jurisdiction of Pacifica provided such jurisdiction has been conferred upon it by law.
(8) All disputes concerning subject matter of small value as prescribed by law shall be adjudicated by one Judge whereas all other disputes shall be adjudicated by a panel of three Judges reaching a decision with a simple majority.
(9) The Civil Court shall have the power to issue Publication Orders and other Orders in accordance with this Constitution and warrants, injunctions and other orders as prescribed by law.

All administrative decisions of any branch of the Public Administration, and actions undertaken by its Agents, which are capable of directly affecting any Person, may be subject to challenge in the Civil Court by such a Person:
(1) All Executive Orders or Directives issued by the Congress may be subject to challenge in the Civil Court by a Person affected thereby or, in the absence of such a Person, by any association composed of no fewer than thirty-two Citizens.
(2) Without prejudice to the appeal procedures, such challenge shall be admissible once only unless the original challenge was not genuine but brought in order to shield the defendant from liability or where a new challenge raises a different point of law.
(3) The right described in this provision shall be exercisable once all administrative appeals have been exhausted.

Should an alleged criminal offense leave no Victim or Proxy capable of instituting a Private Prosecution, the Office of the Public Prosecutor shall have the power to institute a Public Prosecution on behalf of the Citizens of Pacifica:
(1) Should a criminal offense be allegedly committed by a Member or Agent of the Public Administration in the course of his or her official duties, and no Public Prosecution has been brought within a reasonable period of time, a Private Prosecution may be brought by any association composed of no fewer than thirty Citizens.
(2) Where a Private Prosecution is instituted in place of a Public Prosecution, the Office of the Public Prosecutor shall fully cooperate with the association in charge of the proceedings.

All civil and criminal offenses, for which Pacifica shall have jurisdiction, shall be tried in the civil and criminal Courts of Pacifica, held before a Judge with a panel of Jury to give a verdict of “Guilty” or “Not guilty”:
(1) The Jury shall be composed of twelve impartial Citizens drawn randomly from the Electoral Register.
(2) The Jury shall determine the facts and render the verdict according to the law under the direction of the Judge.
(3) The Jury shall deliberate in camera and shall not be required to disclose reasons behind the verdict or be reprimanded for it.
(4) The Jury shall, under all circumstances, retain the unequivocal right to acquit and shall be informed of this right; such acquittal shall be final.
(5) The Jury shall reach its decisions unanimously with the whole of twelve votes.
(6) Should the Jury not be able to render a verdict with all twelve votes within reasonable time, the Judge shall order retrial with a newly appointed Jury; such retrial shall be considered to be a continuation of the original proceedings.
(7) The Jury shall render the verdict free from any form of coercion, compulsion, or extortion; the Judge may order sequestration of the Jurors should it be required for the independence of the Jury.
(8) All defendants who have been convicted by the Jury shall be sentenced by the Judge as prescribed by law.
(9) The Criminal Court may exercise jurisdiction over international crimes provided it has been conferred upon it by law and only if the accused is within the jurisdiction of Pacifica.
(10) The Criminal Court shall have the power to issue Warrants as prescribed by this Constitution and injunctions and other orders as prescribed by law.

Any civil and criminal proceedings shall be preceded by a Preliminary Hearing held by one Judge of the relevant Court:
(1) A defendant at a Preliminary Hearing shall enter his or her positions in relation to the claim or prosecution brought against him or her.
(2) The Judge at a Preliminary Hearing shall have the power to issue preliminary Warrants and Orders within the powers of the relevant Court which shall be re-viewable at a full trial.
(3) The Judge at a Preliminary Hearing shall review the prima facie validity of the claim or prosecution and shall dismiss the case before it proceeds to a full trial where:
(a) no modicum of credible evidence has been proven to the satisfaction of the Courts;
(b) he or she is satisfied that the claim or prosecution would be contrary to the Constitution;
(c) defendant’s procedural rights as laid down in the Constitution or any laws passed in accordance therewith have been violated and such a violation has prejudiced his or her case.
(4) Should a claim or a prosecution be dismissed as frivolous at a Preliminary Hearing, the plaintiff or the prosecutor shall ordinarily be ordered to cover all reasonable expenses of the defendant connected to his or her legal defense as well as all court fees unless there is compelling and rational reason otherwise.

No special commission, tribunal or court not recognized by this Constitution shall be established by the Public Administration.

All powers, and restrictions placed thereon, of the Civil Court and the Criminal Court shall equally apply to the Supreme Court upon appeals from such Courts.

All parties to any trial before any Court of Pacifica shall be given a fair hearing in accordance with the rules of natural justice before a verdict is rendered.

Access to any Court of Pacifica shall not be impeded by any excessive formal, financial or other requirements. No rule or procedure of the Courts may unduly burden the Acquisition of Justice.

SECTION. 3.

No court shall be secret, but justice shall be administered, openly and without purchase, completely and without delay, and every man shall have remedy by due course of law for injury done to him in his person, property, or reputation. No person, entity, or government within Pacifica shall require, enforce, or give legal effect to any pre-dispute agreement mandating arbitration of claims arising under Pacifican law, including employment, consumer, civil rights, labor, environmental, and contractual disputes, with all such clauses declared void ab initio as violations of the inherent right to access public courts; every resident and enterprise retains the unqualified right to seek redress in open, impartial courts with full procedural safeguards, jury trials where applicable, class and collective actions, discovery, appeals, and public proceedings, while private arbitration may only be agreed upon post-dispute voluntarily without coercion or economic duress and with equal bargaining power; Pacifican courts shall sever and disregard any conflicting arbitration provision, preserving other contract terms, with no law, treaty, or federal overlay preempting this sovereign protection of due process and equal justice, and violations constituting unlawful restraint of rights subject to injunction, damages, and attorney fees for prevailing parties.

The Federal Judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising under this Constitution, and the laws which shall be made by its authority; and to all treaties, rules, interpretations, guidances, bulletins, circulars, or other administrative statement or action of any type or form, made, or which shall be made, under their authority; to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies between two or more States; The Judicial Power shall also extend to Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of Pacifica.

The Citizen’s Judicial power shall extend to all cases in law and equity arising under this Constitution, and the laws which shall be made by its authority, which rulings may impair the rights of an Individual; to all cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers, or Consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which Pacifica shall be a party; between a State and citizens of another State; between the citizens of different States; between the citizens of the same State claiming under grants of different States; and between a State or the citizens thereof and foreign States, citizens, or subjects;

The Judicial power of Pacifica shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of Pacifica by Citizens of another State, or by Citizens or Subjects of any Foreign State.

The District Courts of each State shall have original jurisdiction over all cases occurring within the limits of their respective districts, with such exceptions, and under such regulations, as the Congress may make.

In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make, but lower courts are allowed to have original jurisdiction for cases in which a state is a party.

Appeals may be made from the District Courts of the States to the Supreme Courts of the States, and from the Supreme Courts of the States to the Supreme Court of Pacifica, in all cases where the Supreme Courts of the States are not a unit, under such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed by Congress.

At each level of appeal a case shall first be heard by a randomly selected panel of three, appealable to a randomly selected panel of nine, and thence appealable to either a randomly selected or en banc panel of twenty-seven, depending on the number of judges assigned to that court.

No appeal to the Supreme Court of Pacifica shall be allowed, where the value in controversy shall not amount to at least one thousand dollars, or to which there is no criminal sanction; nor shall any fact triable by a jury according to the course of Common Law, be otherwise re-examinable, than according to the rules of Common Law.

Judges settle all disputes regarding the competence of the authorities. No one seeking a ruling thereon can, however, temporarily evade obeying a lawful order from the authorities by submitting the matter for a judicial decision.

Every proposed law must include a citation of the Constitutional clause that empowers government to engage in or order the action of said law.

The judicial decisions in every court of Pacifica and of every State shall be made according to the principles and rules of under Roman Civil Law, except as may be directed otherwise by this Constitution, or if neither prescribe a course or remedy, as according to the customs of Common Law, then Contract law (under Pacifican Principles), or in none such case, as according the legal customs of United States law as under to the Articles of Confederation except as may be provided otherwise by the 1787CE Constitution of the United States, and additionally through the Bill of Rights of 1789CE, as it was originally proposed, and to the terms and rules of due process and construction in effect in Pacifica that do not conflict with this Constitution or statutes enacted within its authority.

In any case or controversy arising under the Constitution, statutes, or treaties of Pacifica, of which a court of Pacifica or of any State has jurisdiction, the rules of decision shall be supplied by the relevant texts of the Constitution, statutes, or treaties of Pacifica, taken in context and understood according to the original public meaning of the language used at the time of the adoption, enactment, or ratification of the provision(s) involved.

The Courts may declare Statutes void for being inconsistent with the Constitution. The supreme Court may declare a federal Statute void only if three-fourths or more of the Justices concur.

Only Pacifican citizens or those arrested or detained under Pacifican jurisdiction [or under the direction of Pacifica] have the right for their case to be heard in Pacifican civilian courts. Unlawful enemy combatants fall under the jurisdiction of military tribunals, and can never have access to the civilian courts. No citizen shall be denied the right of access to the courts.

National and State laws passed under this Constitution shall also provide for the education, hiring, and budgets for a pro bono bar of legal representatives who shall specialize in and provide free confidential assistance for each area of the law, being available through material and electronic means, for answering the queries of the People for legal aid, to communicate appeals and petitions, and to assist those asking for advice or consultation.

Judicial officers shall consist of all Persons sworn to duty in a court of Pacifica or subdivisions thereof, including but not limited to court presidents, judges, magistrates, clerks, bailiffs, lawyers and attorneys, witnesses, trial jurors, or recorders.

A Public lawyer cannot abandon a case for a personal reason due to simply a disagreement with a client, a personality conflict, or philosophical compatibility, though a client may fire their lawyer, including a public defender, for any reason. Exceptions will be carved out by law for issues like relocation to another area or familial personal issues that occupy their time so that they are unavailable to the client.

There will be developed by each Jurisdiction, through their legislative powers and/or ‘the People’, a standard set of Rules of Professional Conduct for lawyers.

Subsequently appointed presidents, judges, magistrates, and clerks shall not be appointed permanently to a particular court, but periodically reassigned to courts and cases by sortition, with presidents or judges reassigned at random to courts every six months, and at random to cases, other officials other than jurors assigned to courts for up to two years, and trial jurors selected at random to each case.

Intervenors in cases who argue in defense of the Constitution shall not be excluded or impeded, in trial or appeal, in the courtroom or outside it, or in presenting legal arguments to juries.

Any multi-member judicial panel must be unanimous to sustain a claimed power of government against the claim of a citizen that the government lacks such power. If there is any doubt concerning whether an official has a delegated power, the presumption shall be that they do not. Courts shall not defer to the judgment of legislative or executive officials, but shall require strict proof of their findings or authority, with a presumption of non-authority.

Opinions of all courts, majority, concurring, or dissenting, shall be signed by each judicial officer participating, and all decisions and opinions shall be published except for State secrets. The summary, findings, orders, and commentary shall be clearly separated and labeled as such.

No court shall be secret, but justice shall be administered, openly and without purchase, completely and without delay, without need of elevation for timely process, and every Person shall have remedy by due course of law for injury done to them in their Person, property, or reputation.

No governmental Representative shall be precluded from taking part in any legislative vote by virtue of being detained prior to their trial; no judge of any Court of Pacifica shall be detained on suspicion of any criminal offense unless with an express consent of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, or if unable to reach or incapacitated, any other Justice of the Supreme Court.

A crime, whether under the laws of Pacifica or a State, shall be considered to have been committed at the point in space and time where mens rea and actus reus concur, not where the harm is caused. Territorial jurisdiction for treason, piracy, and offenses against the Law of Nations is not confined to the territory of Pacifica, but personal jurisdiction for treason is confined to Pacifican citizens.

The Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed. The People shall be entitled to “Judices judicatus cum jus judex” or “[the] Jury deciding as [the] presiding Judge”.

A Person charged in any State with Treason, Felony, or other Crime, who shall flee from Justice, and be found in another State, shall on Demand of the executive Authority of the State from which they fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.

No citizen of Pacifica shall be deported, expelled, or otherwise transferred to any foreign country, government, or jurisdiction for the purpose of serving a criminal sentence or as punishment for any crime. No law or executive action of Pacifica, or of any State, shall authorize or permit the removal of a Pacifican citizen to a foreign country for the purpose of imprisonment, detention, or penal servitude. Congress and the several States shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

SECTION. 4.

In times of disaster or invasion, where the public courts may be unable to [react] or fully meet their duties for these reasons, the General Citizenry shall under like procedure and rules to the calling of jurors, be vested with ‘Power of the Bench’. The “Citizen’s Bench” shall also be the judge in instances where the government is a party to the cases or controversies in question.

The suspension of aggressor’s rights as a protective measure for the People against aggressing individuals must be authorized by an independent citizen’s court which abides by due process, that will act as the impartial arbiter of decision over the request by the government courts over the suspension of any right of a duly convicted offender, as may be set forth under this Constitution. rights may only be suspended proportionately to an actual act of aggression against another, or in other words, as an equal reaction to a violation of the mutual non-aggression principle, if it is suspected that suspension of the right is a reasonably efficient and meaningfully effective measure of achieving their victim’s, and in extension. neighboring People’s safety, so long as such restrictions are to the least degree necessary as possible to reach such ends. The lengths of time in which a right may “be removed” must be limited to two years, though they may be renewed upon the ruling of a subsequent new citizen’s court composed of a citizen consulate of three judges serving as one in unanimous consensus, and a jury composed of eighteen Citizens of Pacifica.

No court within Pacifica shall enter a default judgment against any party in any civil or criminal proceeding. All parties shall be afforded the right to notice, due process, and a fair opportunity to be heard before any judgment is rendered. This provision guarantees that judgments may only be issued upon the merits of the case, following actual participation or a meaningful opportunity for participation by all parties, consistent with the principles of individual liberty and justice. Legislative bodies within Pacifica shall enact no law permitting default judgments, and any such law in effect at the time of this Constitution's adoption shall be null and void.

SECTION. 5.

The Citizens Court is a voluntary, decentralized judicial body composed of Jurial peers, established to resolve disputes, protect individual rights, and uphold contracts, operating strictly within the bounds of consent and without expanding state power beyond the protection of liberty, property, and personal autonomy.

The Citizens Court shall derive its authority solely from this Constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith, with all proceedings open, transparent, and based on mutual agreement to participate or the pursuit of Justice in criminal cases.

Jurisdiction is limited to the protection of individual rights, enforcement of contracts, and resolution of disputes where no party’s health, liberty, or property is infringed.

All decisions must be rendered by a jury of peers or mutually agreed-upon arbiters, with each party retaining the right to select or challenge jurors to ensure impartiality.

The Citizens Court may not impose penalties, obligations, or remedies beyond those necessary to restore violated rights or enforce voluntary agreements, and may not create or interpret rights beyond those explicitly recognized in this Constitution or by mutual contract.

Participation in the Citizens Court is voluntary except to enforce natural rights; no individual may be compelled to submit to its authority, except as provided by prior, freely entered contract, unless they breach the rights of another as according to this constitution.

All orders and judgments must respect the principle of individual liberty, be narrowly tailored to the dispute at hand, and be subject to appeal or review by higher courts or arbitration panels, as agreed by the parties.

The Citizens Court shall not serve as an instrument for expanding state power, but as a means for individuals to peacefully resolve disputes and protect their rights without coercion.

SECTION. 5.

Trial by jury is an inviolate right and shall be secured to all, but in a civil cause three-fourths of the jury may render a verdict. A jury may be waived in a criminal cause, by the consent of both parties to the case, expressed in open court by the defendant and the defendant’s counsel, in accordance with the common law; In a civil cause a jury may be waived by the consent of the parties expressed as prescribed by statute, in accordance with the common law.

In civil causes the jury shall consist of twelve persons or a lesser number agreed on by the parties in open court. In civil causes other than causes within the appellate jurisdiction of the court of appeal the Legislature may provide that the jury shall consist of eight persons or a lesser number agreed on by the parties in open court.

In criminal actions in which a felony is charged, the jury shall consist of twelve persons. In criminal actions in which a misdemeanor is charged, the jury shall consist of twelve persons or a lesser number agreed on by the parties in open court.

    All jurors summoned for actual service in trials of law and equity, must be mutually approved by all parties being represented, having met the impartiality criteria of those interests by all parties being represented. One criteria of their impartiality must be to uphold all of the natural and constitutional rights of Persons & Pacificans, as prescribed in part by this Constitution.

In all criminal cases whatever, the Jury shall have the right to grant a new trial, as in civil cases.

It is the natural right of every citizen of Pacifica, when serving on a civil-trial or criminal-trial jury, to judge both the law and the facts pertaining to the case before the jury, in order to determine whether justice will be served by applying the law to the defendant. It is mandatory that all jurors be informed of this right. Before the jury hears a case, and again before jury deliberation begins, the court shall inform jurors of their rights in these words: “As jurors, your first responsibility is to decide whether the prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt every element of the civil/criminal liability/charge. If you decide that the prosecution has proven beyond a reasonable doubt every element of the civil/criminal liability/charge but you cannot in good conscience support a liable/guilty verdict, you are not required to do so. To reach a verdict which you believe is just, each of you has the right to consider to what extent the defendant’s actions have actually caused harm or otherwise violated your sense of right and wrong. If you believe justice requires it, you may also judge both the merits of the law under which the defendant has been [held] liable/charged and the wisdom of applying that law to the defendant. Accordingly, for each charge against the defendant, even if review of the evidence strictly in terms of the law would indicate a liable/guilty verdict, you have the right to find the defendant not liable/guilty. The court cautions that with the exercise of this right comes the full moral responsibility for the verdict you bring in.” As part of their oath, the jurors shall affirm that they understand the information concerning their rights which this section requires the court to give them, and that no party to the trial may be prevented from encouraging jurors to exercise this right. For the jurors to be so informed is declared to be part of the defendant’s fundamental right to a fair trial by jury, and failure to conduct any criminal trial in accordance with this section shall not constitute harmless error, and shall be grounds for a mistrial. No potential juror may be disqualified from serving on a jury because they express willingness to judge the law or its application, or to vote according to their conscience.

Juries decide Sentencing Severity and Length, not Government Judges, except upon Bench Trial at Consent of the Accused upon consultation with their Attorney; Both Judges and Jurors have the Power to show leniency to criminal defendants, and to reduce or drop charges based on their good conscience, even if the evidence is indisputable, that the accused had committed the crime, if either the Judge or Jury thinks and can articulate that the law is unjust, unfairly applied, or any other reason they believe is just.

The Jury shall be the decider in all cases of fact and law before them, unless the defendant shall choose a bench trial of their own volition, and no case shall be settled by plea bargain, but any reduction in charges or sentence length or substance which the prosecutor, Judge, or Jury, see to be suitable to meet the ends of Justice, shall be applied to Jury or Bench convicted individuals.

The primary obligation of a Juror is to serve Justice, whether this is in line with or despite the law as written.

Jurors are free to consider materials outside of what is furnished in the trial process for the purposes of fully informing themselves further in their legal knowledge and jurial position.

The jury shall have the right to nullify enforcement of un-constitutional or otherwise unjust laws and penalties in all cases brought before them. Jurors shall be explicitly informed of their right to nullify laws they find unjust during all criminal and civil trials.

Juries retain the right to vote their conscience, and the power to strike down as void and unlawful any laws in conflict with the constitution, with the duty to elaborate upon the decision for the benefit of the People, and the responsibility to do so mindfully and only upon serious consideration through their deliberations.

Grand juries:
1) Screen out and dismiss cases against defendants with procedural defects, issue counter claims against corrupt officials or other conspiring parties upon preliminary remediation of nullification in the case of the falsely accused or those victim to corrupted process
2) Liable for allowing cases to go through that have obvious procedural defects
3) Their job is to keep a person out of jail in the first place, like if the accused were falsely arrested
4) Jurially appointed position upon good behavior lasting a term of one year renewable twice, maybe rotate based on maximal degrees of separation with minimal re-use.

Juries should be “periodically” randomly selected, so that juries cycle through, and do not constantly remain the same members, as some may manipulate the interpretation of the constitution into. In this case, when citizens review the constitutionality of a bill or other legislation/initiatives, then they will be periodically cycled out and fresh jurors are randomly selected from the lottery pool, including their name re-entered for random selection (odds of successive selections diminish by powers of odds or exponentials, so there is little risk of multiple members serving as a ‘supreme/immortal council’).

All forms of Juries must pass a legal knowledge exam with high marks exceeding 8-out-of-10 score, and pass a problem analysis and solution test without using a single logical fallacy, when the conundrum is designed to confound an illogical person into for example, special pleading their position is correct, when it requires them deliver a full standard of a burden of proof, in other words, in addition to the cognitive exam that includes IQ and world perception skills, such as a WAIS examination and evaluation, and the requisite to demonstrate an understanding of the rights of another and when objectionable exercise is still the less legal and not strictly offensive in the legal and criminal sense, they will also be required to demonstrate an understanding of logical fallacies and not use them themself, and may even be required to solve logical puzzles other than a few mazes as according to the rules decided by their State.

Grand Juries will be selected and exercise the People’s Authority in like manner to all other military/maritime, criminal, civil Juries, and be equally answerable before the People and those who are falsely accused or victims unrightfully deprived remedy.

Prosecutors, Judges, and Juries are criminally and civilly liable for any false convictions rendered under their position of trust, authority, and power; Juries which produce improper indictment, or impart false convictions, which are later overturned by a habeas Corpus, Appeal, State Supreme Citizen’s Court, proper jurisdictional District of the Federal Supreme Citizen’s Court, or the Supreme Citizen’s High Court ruling, shall be guilty of corruption of the legal process as well as conspiracy to deprive rights, and will be tried in criminal court, with long and harsh sentences if they are convicted, and be directly open and responsible for any Civil liabilities and criminal charges that may stem from their victim/[‘]s[‘] rights being deprived.

Jury instructions must allow the entertainment of any defense supported by law by which the defendant could seek relief. Juries may be screened out based on failure to properly distinguish lawful actions or speech from unlawful conduct, and juries shall be instructed on the nuances of areas such as obstruction of justice versus defense against unlawful arrest, and legitimate threats versus protected speech. Juries will be required to take a [state-paid] legal orientation course unless they test out on examination.

Juries shall retain the right to vote their conscience, and the power to strike down as void and unlawful any laws in conflict with the constitution, with the duty to elaborate upon the decision for the benefit of the People, and the responsibility to do so mindfully and only upon serious consideration through their deliberation.

Juries shall retain the right to refuse to convict an accused individual on the basis that the interpretation of the law put forth by prosecutors, if adopted, would result in violating the individual’s rights.

Jury and victim decide punishment, not judges; Judges are referees; Judges may only reverse a conviction if it is plainly evident that no reasonable Jury could possibly have arrived at the conclusion of guilt given the facts provided, and must clearly explain the reasons or counter-proofs that show that such conviction is contrary to the purposes of Justice (This is customary judicial power in the United States of America).

Jury duty is also reprimandable by exonerating evidence presented later that proves beyond a reasonable doubt the innocence of the accused, contrary to the burden of proof, and thereby constituting a second violation upon the defendant; Courts which deliver false edicts even without malice may result in the constituent body losing their ability to serve in public office.

SECTION. 6.

Law enforcement have a duty to protect the People and secure the natural rights of the People and visitors to Pacifica.

Law enforcement have explicit duties and obligations to investigate complaints, guard and protect as well as serve the People, preserve safety and promote the welfare of all people, and to enforce all laws within their jurisdiction. They must take an oath affirming their duty “to guard and protect as well as serve their community”, which includes protecting individuals from the criminal acts of others (without the need for a special relationship of care to exist), as well as, “to uphold the laws of their jurisdiction”, and “to preserve and defend the constitution”, and at all times they as individuals retain liability for failing to perform any of these duties while actually in service to the public. The motto of law enforcement is “To protect, serve, maintain peace, and preserve liberty”. Their mission is “To provide a safe and secure environment for all residents and visitors; to seek, understand, and address the underlying issues that lead to calls for service, and to provide answers to questions and solutions to problems as far as they are capable; To accomplish these goals through community involvement policing along with an aggressive enforcement of the laws within their jurisdiction using the minimal amount of force necessary to secure the accused, as prescribed in this Constitution and as may additionally be laid down by law; Collaborative efforts and enhanced problem solving techniques to improve the quality of life for residents and enhancing the experience of visitors; Law enforcement will fulfill their mission by protecting and serving in a compassionate, patient, courteous, and helpful manner with integrity, honesty, accountability, loyalty, and usefulness to the People, in which they serve”.

All approachments of law enforcement towards a Person or Persons in question must proceed in a professional, polite, respectful, and compassionate manner, where law enforcement are required to adequately identify themselves including by verbal and affixed text articulation of their name and of their personnel ID, in addition to their articulating their purpose for the interaction, and to provide facts related to their jurisdiction or lawful justification for any action which impairs the rights of the people.

Law enforcement must take active charge and exercise independent judgment in dealing with unusual, serious, or dangerous situations, exercising safety practices and procedures. They must be able to work under stressful, high risk conditions. It is their duty to protect the citizens they are meant to be serving, and their own safety should always come second to that. The Job of Law Enforcement is to stand the line between the civilians and the initiators of aggression; Sometimes that means taking a bullet because Law Enforcement are bound to the Rules of Engagement and are not allowed to shoot first; Lethal force should only be used after the life of Law Enforcement, or the life of an/other Citizen/s or other Person/s, has been placed in direct jeopardy.

Law enforcement may patrol public areas for the purpose of observing possible criminal activity or other conditions that could endanger public safety. They shall investigate and report fires or other related events; keep bystanders out of danger; and safeguard persons as well as property.

Law enforcement shall watch for wanted or missing persons and lost minors, and report stray animals as necessary.

Law enforcement are expected to answer questions asked by the People and refer the public to people or agencies which can provide further assistance as required.

Law enforcement must attend required periodic training sessions and seminars for the interests, service, protection, and defending there of the whole public [and ensure the best interests {through this republic, by the means administered en/in Populii, for and of the People, as in "We the People"} of the People through appropriate use of discretion are furthermore upheld], including true offenders: Law enforcement must take basic life preservation training including first aid, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, the use of automated external defibrillators, and be educated on human anatomy in order to try to save lives, including but not limited to that of the accused; Law enforcement are supposed to within their ability, save lives, such as rendering first aid to the injured or aiding in the Public defense for emergency situations; Law enforcement will be trained in self-defense and weapons safety. They must maintain a required level of proficiency in the use of weapons, and evasive action along with driving skills. They must maintain weapons and equipment in functional and presentable condition. Law enforcement shall be required to receive de-escalation training. Law enforcement shall be trained on their duty to intervene when another officer uses excessive force. Law enforcement’s otherwise reasonable (and lawful) defensive use of force is unreasonable as a matter of law, if their agent/s intentionally or recklessly provokes a forceful response, and, that provocation is an independent constitutional violation.

Law enforcement must participate in required physical fitness activities.

Law enforcement shall record information concerning events that took place during tour of duty, and record such activity in the manner as prescribed by the department in accordance with the legislature.

There shall be produced a law enforcement misconduct registry that departments will have to use when hiring, and the database on each individual will be maintained for thirty years from their last incident and at all times will be open to public inquiry.

Law enforcement may transport criminal mental patients and other prisoners to prescribed locations as necessary, as according to law in this Constitution, and of any other Constitution or law made in accordance therewith in any other jurisdiction in which they engaged in a criminal act. They shall account for and transport evidence coming into custody.

The primary power of arrest shall lie with Agents of Law Enforcement; in the absence of any such Agent, in exigent circumstances or pursuant to a public arrest warrant, a Person may be arrested by any Citizen or other Resident of Pacifica for so long as reasonably necessary to allow an Agent of Law Enforcement to take custody of the detainee.

All officers entrusted with the enforcement of law within the Commonwealth of Pacifica, whether serving under federal or state authority, shall exercise their powers not merely in obedience to statute but in steadfast pursuit of Justice as the supreme end of law, guided by conscience, fairness, and the preservation of human dignity. Each officer shall retain discretion in determining the manner and necessity of detention, citation, or arrest, favoring warnings, mediation, and restorative measures where such actions more fully serve peace, equity, and the welfare of the community than punitive enforcement. Officers owe their highest allegiance to the Constitution and to the enduring principles of liberty, equality, and the protection of the innocent and vulnerable; no statute, decree, or order shall compel them to act in violation of these principles. Every officer has both the right and the duty to refrain from enforcing any law or command that would contravene constitutional rights or offend the true aims of Justice, and no officer shall face penalty or reprisal for acts of just disobedience undertaken in good conscience and fidelity to the Constitution, subject to transparent review by an independent and impartial tribunal. Law enforcement throughout Pacifica shall be grounded in restorative and human-centered practice, holding that confinement and restraint of liberty are justified only in response to a legitimate violation of the rights of another, and shall never be employed as instruments of coercion, retribution, or social control. The legitimacy of law and its guardians shall rest upon the trust and consent of the governed, for Justice arises not from the power to command obedience but from the moral duty to harmonize right, mercy, equality, and the preservation of public order in service to the common good.

All law enforcement must work in a region local to their active residence; Officers of the law are specifically prohibited from policing areas of which they are not local residents. Law enforcement must be locally accountable to the areas they patrol, and preferably be a part of that community.

The powers of arrest in Pacifica shall not be exercised arbitrarily but solely upon a warrant issued only under a modicum of credible evidence for which it is apparent that the accused has likely committed or is committing a/n [criminal] offense against the rights of another, or that they have been made, or are soon to be made, a subject of a Court Order regarding an institutionalization in a mental health facility, deportation proceedings, or committal to prison for a breach of a Court order, and as such, is to be brought to trial or to the disposition of the appropriate authorities or the Court respectively.

Law enforcement have the duty to petition for the release of any Person they reasonably believe to be falsely imprisoned, and to submit any evidence that to their knowledge may exist to support this finding, to first the attorney general of their Jurisdiction, and if upon there shall be a failure for a release to happen, their Gubernor; This provision shall not obstruct the right of the People to petition for a writ of habeas Corpus upon demand, and to appeal on demand any finding under such writ.

In all cases involving mental or behavioral health crises, the default response shall be a Behavioral Health Unit, Crisis Response Team, or Crisis Outreach Team composed of trained professionals, rather than armed police, except where there is a clear and immediate threat to public safety that requires law enforcement intervention. Law enforcement agencies shall establish protocols to ensure that crisis response teams are the primary responders for nonviolent behavioral health emergencies, and shall collaborate with health care providers to facilitate effective, humane, and de-escalatory interventions. All police reports shall be written clearly and consistently, using standardized language to accurately describe incidents, especially those involving behavioral health crises, to ensure transparency, accountability, and effective communication across agencies. The legislature shall enact laws and provide resources necessary to implement these provisions, ensuring that communities throughout Pacifica have timely access to behavioral health crisis response services and that law enforcement receives appropriate training to support these initiatives.

Every law enforcement officer is bound to execute the penal warrants given to them to execute. They may summon to their assistance, either in writing or orally, any of the citizens of the neighborhood or county to assist in the execution of such warrants, so long as the summoned individuals consent to participate. The acts of the citizens formed as a posse by such officer shall be subject to the same protection and consequences as official acts.

Agents of Law Enforcement executing arrests shall act openly and shall inform the detainee about the relevant rights they enjoy under this Constitution and any laws passed in accordance therewith; where a Person is placed under arrest, Agents of Law Enforcement shall immediately inform their close ones as prescribed by law about the detention.

Officers are required to state the essential specific evidentiary elements in providing the officer with the required and unassailable real and reasonable suspicion or probable cause to allow short term detention while awaiting a warrant [or which supports a warrant itself], as part of their official report on and before levying the charge in the first place so as to prima facially validate the warranted seizure, search, and arrest of the individual being accused, and officers are required to immediately inform the Accused of these specific elements in order to lawfully and legally establish the officer’s legal authority to act against them in this matter.

Law enforcement who fail to meet these criteria will be subject to penalties including fines and/or criminal charges, and be open to Civil suit/s.

Where appropriate in accordance to the following criteria, citations should be issued in lieu of arrest in certain cases where there is no credible threat to the public for the suspect to remain outside of the confines of an institution, such as a jail or mental ward. Officers must weigh he severity of the crime at issue; whether the suspect poses an immediate threat to the safety of officers or others, whether the suspect is trying to evade arrest by flight, whether the citation is likely to cease the criminal activity, and whether they have an existing warrant for their arrest that must be executed. An arrest versus a citation must be justified in the totality of all circumstances, without the benefit of retrospect.

Citizens are naturally endowed with the Just power of Citizen’s Police Authority, and are subject to the same limitations as to the powers of government and the rules of Due Process, including but not limited to abiding by the warrant requirement for all Searches and Seizures, including following all rules regarding Detentions to serve such warrants and in placing Arrests or transferring custody. This power includes but is not limited to the lawful authority to issue warning/s against trespassing or intimidation/coercion, and the right to place a Citizen’s arrest for any violation of Rights.

The Highest Obligations of Law Enforcement are both, Firstly and most importantly, to protect and serve the Health and Lives, Liberty, and Happiness Citizens, and secondarily, to enforce and defend, the Constitution of both Pacifica as well as their State if there be any, in that order.

All law enforcement incidents where deadly force is used, whether or not someone is killed, will be investigated, and ruled Justified or Unjustified, by an impartial Citizen’s review board and Citizen’s bench;

Officers of the law, while on active duty, such as issuing and executing a warrant or placing an arrest, shall need to wear a reasonably affixed body mounted camera, when available, and there shall be a microphone present as well, which shall continuously record audio and video simultaneously using a redundant system and also a live stream over the cellular networks of their locality, and are to never be turned off while they are required by law; nothing in this provision shall be construed as to allow for general surveillance by the Public Administration. Body-cams must live stream and record such streams offsite, and contain two separate fixed/non-removable redundant password-protected-erasure-protected recording-memory banks, as well as furnish an exact copy of the local data to a removable medium for backup, and furnish a secured/protected read-only serial interface for copying the data; Additionally, they must also capture GPS data and seamlessly work in pitch-black and low-light ambient conditions alongside ambient lighting in the regular course of normal usage; Their resolution must be no lower than 1440p and their frames per second must be no less than one-hundred-and-twenty per instant/second.

Members of government, including law enforcement, shall be open to civil and criminal liability for any violation of law, process, or rights they may commit upon any person/android, animal/robot, or towards [the] nature/environment.

[]
Law enforcement exist to serve the public by responding to reported crimes, investigating offenses supported by lawful evidence, protecting people from imminent harm, and enforcing laws within constitutional limits. They must not operate as a roving force that treats the public as presumptive suspects or seeks pretexts to discover wrongdoing. Intervention by Law Enforcement must be grounded in a complaint, direct observation, a warrant, an emergency, or particularized probable cause supported by specific and articulable facts.
[]

There shall be no semi/quasi/para-militarization or militarization of law enforcement, other than the militia itself. Law enforcement [other than than the militia] is barred from militarization for any conceivable purpose whatsoever; Militarizing law enforcement [except for militia] is a felony, similar to a Posse Comitatus.

Members of Law Enforcement cannot lawfully make arrests without them first showing identification of who they are and what Agency they are from.

Officers of the Law shall have the duty to inform any of those whom they work under explicit consent with, or detain under [unassailable] probable cause with a real and reasonable suspicion, that which is they the Officer’s: Full name and Public Work Identification Number. They must, beyond declaring their name and cause, cite their evidence in favor of any stop, search, seizure, or arrest, to the detained and suspected.

Members of public law enforcement do not have the exclusive monopoly of enforcing the law, but this power of the public may be freely exercised in right by the People as well.

Plainclothes and undercover officers alike may not operate without a clearly defined and limited warrant authorizing each one of their activities while operating under color of law within the scope of their official duties, with any/all of their additional requests for leniency must be specifically authorized by the presiding justice over the police case; Their permitted hours of operation must be stipulated within the warrant and any changes in operative parameters must be approved by the presiding judge whom may then alter the warrant in accordance with the public record.

There must be a reasonability and believability in police reports, so that the average person who is schooled in civics included but not limited to this constitution, and receiving the report, would believe there was the need to send assistance of Law Enforcement and not proceed in some other manner, such as sending a Mental Health Crisis team, Social Worker mediator, or some other department of Public service such as Firefighters or Emergency Medical Technicians.

Law enforcement must have liability insurance for not less than One hundred thousand dollars Pacifican money and be liable for all the rest after insurance pays, if any remains unpaid to victim

The right of the People to organize, maintain, and operate community-based security and policing organizations, hereafter “Sheriffia”, shall not be reduced. These units, akin to citizen militias, are composed of voluntary members of the community and are empowered to maintain peace, protect property, and uphold justice according to the freely chosen norms and agreements of their locality. Citizen police power is the inherent authority of individuals, acting collectively or independently, to prevent, deter, and respond to violations of person or property, provided such actions respect due process and the rights of all parties. This power is not a grant from the state but a natural extension of the right to self-defense and mutual aid. Sheriffia may operate independently or in cooperation with other local or regional entities, always subject to the consent of the governed. The People retain the right to form, join, or contract with multiple, overlapping legal and security systems within any given jurisdiction, fostering a polycentric legal order. No single authority shall monopolize the provision of law enforcement or dispute resolution. Instead, legal services-including policing, arbitration, and adjudication-may be provided by competing or federated entities, each accountable to those who voluntarily choose their services. All Sheriffs and legal service providers operate by the express consent of the communities they serve. Their authority derives from mutual agreement, historical custom, or explicit contract, not from coercive state mandate. Disputes between individuals, communities, or policing units shall be settled through mutually agreed-upon arbitration or customary law, with the aim of restitution and restoration rather than punishment. No government at any level shall prohibit, restrict, or monopolize the formation and operation of Sheriffia or alternative legal systems, except where such groups violate the fundamental rights of others. All policing and legal entities must operate with transparency and be subject to public oversight within their communities.

[Agents] [or] Officers of the law are required to report each time they engage in the use of injurious or deadly force, and to submit to a full battery-arrayed assay drug test, except for spinal tap, after all applications of deadly force or misbehavior or investigation for unnecessary or over use of force.

It is unlawful for law enforcement to perform sexual acts with their captives, this also extends to prison guards and other personnel.

Law enforcement are borrowed from performing choke-holds unless the use of deadly force is otherwise authorized.

The falsification or omission in and of reports by law enforcement shall be a felony.

If law enforcement are held liable for excessive use of force and/or while operating outside national plus state guidelines, then any monetary judgments are paid out of police retirement funds, or directly out of the offending officer’s pocket, they shall not be made up with State sector business funds.

Individual police are required to carry insurance in case of judgments against them. same as for bad drivers, the bad cops will simply price themselves out of a joblessness

Any law enforcement official caught planting incriminating evidence and/or withholding exculpatory evidence shall face the same penalties (fines & jail time) as the crimes they attempted to frame.

No person, whether acting in a governmental, corporate, or private capacity, shall enjoy qualified immunity, civil immunity, sovereign immunity, or any other form of special exemption from civil or criminal liability for their actions. All individuals and entities shall be fully accountable under the law for violations of the rights, property, or person of others. Every individual whose rights have been infringed by another, including by agents or employees of the government, shall have full and equal access to seek redress and remedy in a court of law or through any mutually agreed-upon dispute resolution process. No law, decree, or policy shall shield any person or entity from legal responsibility for their conduct. Holding public office, employment by the state, or acting under color of law shall not confer any special legal protections or immunities. All government officials, employees, contractors, and agents, and those cooperating with any of them, are subject to the same laws and liabilities as any private citizen. No legislative or executive act shall grant retroactive immunity or pardon for actions that violated the rights of others, except as may be determined by a jury of peers in accordance with due process and the principles of justice.

No law or rule shall shield a member of the Public Body or a Private citizen from culpability or criminal liability, nor from civil suit, for any crime they may commit upon the rights of another, or absolve them for any harm they may perpetrate or allow to occur under their ‘supervision’. Public Servants of Pacifica, acting beyond the reasonable discharge of their constitutionally enumerated duties, enjoy no immunity from civil or criminal prosecution by the Courts of the several States and Territories, Localities, or Federal authority.

All officers and agents of the law required to show proof of identity, position, and authority to order/direct or act, including citing the exact section of law in violation or in real and reasonable suspicion of being violated

The use of robotic law enforcement is barred from the Public Instrument, hereby, there shall only be allowed Citizens of Pacifica, which includes [true] androids, to work as officers of the law, as they abide by this constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith.

Law enforcement shall not be quartered in any place in time of Peace nor in time of war, except in manner to be prescribed by law consistent with the rights of the people.

No agent of the state, nor any person acting under color of law, shall initiate force against any individual except in direct response to an act of aggression that threatens the life, liberty, or property of another. The use of force shall be governed strictly by the principle: “Do not fire unless fired upon.” Law enforcement and community defense actions must always be reactive, never preemptive, except where there is clear and imminent threat evidenced by overt acts of aggression. In all circumstances, the minimum amount of force necessary to secure the safety of non-aggressors and to prevent further harm shall be used. Escalation of force is permitted only when lesser means have failed or are clearly inadequate to stop an ongoing rights violation. All actions must prioritize the preservation of life, liberty, and property of peaceful individuals. Any use of force must be documented, subject to immediate public review, and open to independent investigation. Officers and agents are individually liable for violations of these rules and shall not be shielded by any form of special immunity. Communities retain the right to set and enforce their own standards for rules of engagement and escalation, consistent with the non-aggression principle and the protection of civil liberties. Law enforcement authority shall be decentralized and accountable to the people it serves, not to distant bureaucracies or centralized power structures.

A[n] [stocked] ambulance with EMTs nearby on standby is needed when law enforcement are executing their duties and could possibly use force; It further goes without saying, though the trope of government is to perform intentional negligence and malice and claim ignorance and accident, it shall be proclaimed that if any party [for which law enforcement are responding to] are injured, or if there are victims, prompt and adequate medical care shall be rendered as soon as humanly possible.

In order to reduce the likelihood of State violence against our people, priorities shall be to use social workers for domestic disputes and minor kid and youth protection investigations, and for seeking alternative people to arbitrate disputes. Law enforcement shall, upon discovery of its appropriate need, to provide social workers or mental health specialist staff as additional members of the reconciliation of disputes and to detain offenders.

All members of law enforcement are required to release any falsely held or charged or sentenced detainee/s, arrested, and those imprisoned for any term, in so far as such release promotes the integrity of Universal Law in the interest of Natural Justice and Rights.

"Contempt Against the People" shall refer to any action, expression, or behavior by a law enforcement officer or government official directed at an individual, where the officer's or official’s response, such as detention, investigation, arrest, or the initiation of criminal charges, is based solely on a perceived lack of respect, deference, or challenge to the official’s authority, and not on any objectively unlawful conduct. The mere exercise of constitutional rights, including but not limited to freedom of speech and expression, the right to petition, and the right to record public officials, shall not be construed as grounds for detention or arrest under the guise of contempt of cop. Any attempt to penalize individuals for asserting these rights constitutes Contempt Against the People and an abuse of governmental authority.

Public entities such as members of law enforcement, are fully liable for any damages, injuries, or deaths caused by failure to enforce an enactment [of law], failure to arrest somebody who is violating the law, or through any negligence in using insufficient force to keep [a] prisoner/s in custody. All use of force by law enforcement must be objectively reasonable along with proportionate force [under civilian oversight].

Predictive policing, AI-driven behavior scoring, and neural or health data mining shall be banned within Pacifica. No AI crime prediction nor autonomous surveillance drones shall be deployed to profile or preemptively detain any Person. No authority shall use predictive-index algorithms, pre-crime profiling, automated risk-scoring, or incapacitation/neutralization probability metrics as grounds for arrest, detention, or restriction of movement or rights.

AI‑facilitated crime reporting along with AI‑based threat detection and reporting are hereby prohibited to the Government and their contractors, as well as those cooperating with either, in all cases.

All policing must be human-led, transparent, accountable, and subject to community oversight boards comprised solely of local Citizens. No artificial intelligence, synthetic entity, or autonomous algorithm implemented or used by the government or any of the contractors beneath them, or those cooperating with either, shall ever be endowed with authority over any natural person, except where narrowly constrained to purely mechanical tasks under direct human supervision.

All law enforcement personnel exercising Authority within a Jurisdiction must be locally appointed, and accountable to the People for which they serve. Exceptions for state level law enforcement only exist to the degree at which local appointment is impossible and there must be a broader Commonwealth appointment, and in all cases whether elected or appointed law enforcement shall be accountable to the People.

SECTION. 6.

The duties of the sheriff's office are constitutionally defined by each State, and by this constitution.

Among the duties of the sheriff are to serve three square meals a day from the sheriff station to people in the general Public who are in need of food such as the homeless/unsheltered and those of zero or low income. Each one of the meals will include coffee or tea and donuts or muffins available with natural sweetener and milk or real juice. Coffee and tea shall be served all throughout the day including between meal times, and there shall be access to running water and a microwave at all times.

The sheriff may also serve to arm and equip the people separately from the statewide Citizen's armament and equipping program. The terms for which the Sheriffs shall arm and equip the people shall be set by each county.

It is the sacred duty of every freeborn man to defend the common and civil laws and his own liberty before and over every obligation, even through natural law, and an obligation of the state and the rulers. All persons who are the victims of a crime are expected to raise their “hue and cry” and apprehend the criminal; and upon hearing their cry, every able-bodied man in the community is expected to do the “utmost in his power” (pro toto posse suo) to chase and apprehend the accused as a “posse”. Every man is thereby personally responsible for the law and for the safety of the entire community.

Sheriffs are to be elected and employed by the People, and  are the Spark that will inspire many to stand up for their rights and freedoms.

Before taking on the duties and responsibilities of a Sheriff, it is essential that they learn about common law and they are trained how to apply the law to protect the people, and arrest criminals. The community expects its Sheriffs to be well versed in the law so that they can not only uphold it to benefit the community, but also to enable them to make educated judgments about employing it lawfully.

As well, all Sheriffs should complete a course in basic Common Law based on the book “A common Law Training Manual” available from commonlaw.earth .

As Sheriffs train for their task, they become the spark that will inspire and train many other patriots. And by doing so, Sheriffs play a very important part of a great movement, to reclaim Pacifica for all its people, under our Constitution.

Their job as a Sheriff will be to act as the primary peace officers, as the people reassert our common law roots through local Sovereign Peoples’ Assemblies.

Common Law Sheriffs have the power to convene citizen juries and Common Law courts, deputize anyone to perform arrests, and to form and train Citizen Militias, win over the police and other agents of the old regime to act according to common law, and reclaim the land, and the wealth, of the nation for all its people.

In the hands of the Sheriff rests the security of our Nation. Only the most devoted and courageous among them should assume this sacred responsibility. The mission of a Sheriff will not be easy, or safe, but it is necessary to protect our liberty and for our personal safety.

All Sheriffs must be elected by the people after they are vetted by the Chartered members of an Assembly or by 'the People', for which whom they are sworn and empowered by the Public Instrument to protect.

This is the procedure they must follow:
1) Training in the Common Law, available through the online legal education law library platform of their State. A Sheriff candidate must complete a course and produce their completion certificates to their assembly meeting when they stand for election.
2) A Sheriff candidate stands before an Assembly and explains why they want to be a Sheriff and the skills they would bring to the job. To be a Sheriff, we need men and women who are fit, healthy, able to run fast, and who have a working knowledge of Common Law. If they have martial arts training, that is preferable, but not required. All Sheriffs must agree to undergo training. The assembly will judge them on these skills, and then vote accordingly as to whether or not they are eligible for election.
3) Once a Sheriff is elected by the assembly, the Convener, or another Sheriff, will swear in the candidate before the assembly. Each Sheriff must swear on their own honor to act lawfully and honorably in a manner adherent to their good conscience.
4) After a Sheriff has been sworn in, their first duty is to fill out the Oath of Office form and submit it to their county clerk.
5) After filling in the Oath form from the county clerk, the Sheriff will immediately receive a digital copy of their Sheriff Oath of Office which they must then present to the assembly convener to sign. Only after they have done this is their Sheriff appointment valid.
6) On producing the Oath to the Assembly Convener, the Sheriff will be issued with a numbered badge. The cost of the badge is five Pacifican dollars. The Sheriff is also responsible for the costs of their training and uniform. However, the Sheriff may apply to the assembly to reimburse these costs after being sworn in. It is up to each assembly to decide on whether or not to pay the costs back to the Sheriff.
7) Sheriffs must commit to a regular exercise schedule to ensure that they are in peak physical condition at all times.

SECTION. 7.333.

The right of every person to be free from arbitrary surveillance, detention, intimidation, violence, and all forms of secret or politically motivated enforcement by any organ, agent, or auxiliary of the government of Pacifica, or by any entity acting under color of law or authority, is inviolable. No branch, office, department, subdivision, official, or agent of the government of Pacifica, nor any contracted or deputized third party, shall establish, authorize, fund, support, operate, or condone any system, unit, or agency that engages in, enables, or tolerates: Surveillance, investigation, penalization, or any form of interference absent individualized suspicion of criminal wrongdoing and oversight by an independent judiciary; Arrest, detention, interrogation, confinement, or physical or psychological coercion, except pursuant to publicly established law, with full transparency, due process, and immediate independent review; Maintenance of secret dossiers, the use of undisclosed informants, or reliance on anonymous accusations as a basis for enforcement action against persons; Any act or policy intended to suppress dissent, inhibit association, or chill the free exercise of conscience, belief, assembly, speech, or political participation. For the purpose of this provision, “Gestapo” is defined universally as any mechanism, official or unofficial, direct or indirect, that enables a state or its agents to engage in or facilitate secret or arbitrary enforcement, surveillance, or suppression beyond the reach of independent and impartial judicial scrutiny. This applies regardless of the ideological, political, or administrative context, and irrespective of the form, name, scale, or purported necessity invoked. The rights and prohibitions outlined shall not be suspended, displaced, or overridden by any emergency, executive order, delegated power, legislation, or treaty. Any attempt to create or invoke a form of secret or extrajudicial policing is null and void ab initio. All persons within Pacifica, and all sovereign persons subject to Pacifican law, shall have direct standing to challenge any alleged violation of this provision in a court of law or other independent tribunal, and shall be guaranteed the right to immediate public hearing and effective remedies.

SECTION. 7.666.

Jailers and prison guards shall receive training in minimal level of force control techniques and non-lethal self-defense techniques, in addition to any other training normally required by law and elsewhere under this constitution for law enforcement in general.

Security and facility guards in state institutions should be composed of equal numbers of Sheriff’s deputies from each county.

SECTION. 8.

The office of District Attorney shall be filled by election of the People. The District Attorney shall have no authority to judge, determine guilt or fault of any defendant, or rule on the rightfulness of any governmental action. The District Attorney’s role shall be strictly administrative and clerical, serving as a public officer accountable to the People. The primary duty of the District Attorney shall be to receive and process complaints from individuals, including in-person filings at their office, and to facilitate the fair and impartial administration of justice.

Any individual shall have the right to prosecute an alleged offense themselves or to appoint any other person as their proxy to execute prosecution functions on their behalf. Such prosecutions shall proceed as may be justly determined and mutually agreed to by the parties, subject to the rules of due process and oversight by a court of competent jurisdiction.

SECTION. 9.

A person cannot become a ward of court without having first under due process of law been ruled by a jury of twelve in a court of proper jurisdiction, to be either a danger to others or have caused harm to another, or those without a caretaker and in need of special assistance either due to incompetence of minorship or remediality;

All individuals who are wards of state shall be allowed access to their families, to choose if they would like to work on continuing their educations, and to be preserved from exposure to trauma and violence during their custody, as to promote their development as People and in creating and sustaining lifelong positive outcomes upon their release [if and when].

No Person shall be declared to be lacking mental capacity unless by an Order issued by the Civil Court on application of a psychological practitioner under relevant law; all Persons declared to be lacking mental capacity shall be appointed [a] Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s by the Court, unless they are still under the care of their Parent/s or Legal Guardian/s, and, should they pose a threat to others who are non-aggressors, may be committed to a mental health institution pursuant to a Court Order; any Order declaring a Person to be lacking mental capacity shall automatically expire within two years; after the expiration such a Person shall be deemed to have regained mental capacity unless the Court renews its order; the relevance of any Order in such matter may be challenged by the Person concerned or their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s, once in every six months before it expires, in Habeas Corpus proceedings. No court order deeming somebody as being lacking capacity may authorize the forcing of medications against their will; [and]- furthermore, that it is only through explicit voluntary revocable consent through which may a therapy or prescription may then there be so be administered in the interests of the Patient in counseling; This clause applies to all patients, including minors capable by law of providing a form of consent willingly with Parent or Legal/Revered Guardian or authorization.

Any Person under real and reasonable suspicion by law enforcement or a psychological practitioner of being mentally ill as well as additionally posing an obvious, compelling, and directly demonstrable danger, along with a serious and imminent threat to other [non-aggressing] Individuals, shall be subject to psychological evaluation and potentially detainment or institutionalization in a mental health facility pursuant to an Order of the Civil Court for such time as they remain a serious and imminent threat to the safety or life of others [whom are non-aggressors], due to their illness. No Person shall be declared to be mentally ill as well as to pose an obvious, compelling, and directly demonstrable danger to other [non-aggressing] Individuals unless by an Order issued by the Criminal Court on the application of and/or in conjunction with the testimony of a psychological practitioner under relevant law; all Persons declared to be mentally ill and posing an obvious, compelling, and directly demonstrable danger to other [non-aggressing] Individuals, shall be appointed a Legal Guardian or Caregiving Custodian by the Court, unless they are still under the care of their Parent/s, and may be committed to a mental health institution pursuant to a Court Order; any Order declaring a Person to be mentally ill as well as additionally posing an obvious, compelling, and directly demonstrable danger to society shall automatically expire within two years; after the expiration such a Person shall be deemed to have regained their mental health unless the Court renews its order; the relevance of any Order in such matter may be challenged by the concerned person at hand, or, Parent/s if they do exist, next of kin, or Legal Guardian/s, have there not be a parent or next of kin, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s, if there be none of these before, once in every six months before it expires, in Habeas Corpus proceedings.

No person accused of a crime shall be deprived of liberty on the grounds of readiness to stand trial on psychiatric grounds for longer than strictly necessary to determine and restore their ability to aid and assist in their own defense. The following principles shall apply: Any individual found unable to aid and assist must be transferred from detention to appropriate mental health care within seven days of such a finding. The maximum duration of involuntary commitment for the purpose of restoring trial competency shall not exceed: Ninety days for misdemeanor charges; Six months for non-violent felony charges; One year for violent felony charges. If, at any point, a less restrictive alternative is sufficient to meet the individual's needs, they shall be released from institutional care without delay. All proceedings and detentions under this section shall be subject to prompt judicial review and the right to independent legal counsel, as well as to Have us Corpus Ex Populii that they be examined by a Jurial body to ensure their pre-trial detention is lawful and not secret. No person shall be held in state custody solely for lack of access to mental health services or due to administrative delay.

SECTION. 10.

Neither Pacifica nor any State shall deny to any person Due Process, nor the equal protection of the law. For every injury, the Law shall provide remedy. That every freeman restrained of his liberty is entitled to a remedy, to enquire into the lawfulness thereof and for others to do likewise, and to remove the same, if unlawful, and that such remedy ought not to be denied nor delayed.

We Recognize that Being an Authority [on] and Mediator of Liberty and Justice is a personal duty of all People. A Victim, or their Trustee/s, is/are required to pursue all reasonable courses of lawful Private action seeking to provide “Just Remedy” from the Injurer, for restoration of Injury to any of the Victim’s rights, before they may rightfully utilize the Courts to pursue restoration of their Life or Health, Liberty or Freedom, ability to secure and defend themselves and whatever willing others, Property, or pursuit of Happiness; a complaint to the Courts by a Victim, or their Trustee/s, otherwise, excepting exigent cases of immediate danger or irrepairable harm, without them first reasonably attempting to seek a “Just Remedy” directly from the Injurer (when possible) through lawful Private means, is invalid.

The rights of victims of violent crime, being capable of protection without denying the constitutional rights of those accused of victimizing them, are hereby established and shall not be denied by any State or Pacifica, nor by any Territory, or Forts/Installations beneath them, or other Jurisdiction under their dominion, and may be restricted only as provided in this provision. A victim of violent crime shall have the right to reasonable and timely notice of any public proceeding involving the crime and of any release or escape of the accused; the rights not to be excluded from such public proceeding and reasonably to be heard at public release, plea, sentencing, reprieve, and pardon proceedings; and the right to adjudicative decisions that duly consider the victim’s safety, interest in avoiding unreasonable delay, and just and timely claims to restitution from the offender. These rights shall not be restricted except when and to the degree dictated by a substantial interest in public safety or the administration of criminal justice, or by compelling necessity guided under a rational-basis. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to provide grounds for a new trial or to authorize any claim for damages. Only the victim or the victim’s lawful representative may assert the rights established by this provision, and no Person accused of the crime may obtain any form of relief hereunder. Congress and each State shall have power to enforce by appropriate legislation the provisions of this article. Nothing in this article shall affect the President’s authority to grant reprieves or pardons.

The Victim of an alleged civil violation or criminal offense shall have the inherent right to file charges and institute a Private Prosecution of an accused Person:
(1) The Private Prosecution may be instituted by the Victim in person or by appointed Proxy on their behalf.
(2) Proxy may be any legal entity or natural Person expressly appointed by the Victim, whether inter vivos or in a last will, to be in charge of the prosecution in question.
(3) Should the Victim be a Minor or a Person lacking mental capacity, their Legal Guardian/s or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s shall be deemed to be a Proxy unless they are involved in the commission of the relevant offense in which case a Public Prosecution may be instituted.
(4) The Victim or appointed Proxy may request the Office of the Public Prosecutor to institute a Public Prosecution free of charge on their behalf in which case the Office of the Public Prosecutor shall be under obligation to institute such prosecution where evidence is sufficient, and in the event that they fail to do so, the victim shall not be barred from performing the prosecution themself or through a designated proxy.
(5) Where a Public Prosecution is instituted on behalf of the Victim or the Proxy, they shall have the right:
(a) to be notified about the schedule of the judicial proceedings;
(b) to receive a copy of all properly submitted discovery.
(c) to address the Civil or Criminal Court before the sentence is determined;
(b) to be advised of release from custody or escape of the defendant.

(1) To preserve and protect the right of crime victims to justice, to ensure crime victims a meaningful role in the criminal and juvenile justice systems, to accord crime victims due dignity and respect and to ensure that criminal and juvenile court delinquency proceedings are conducted to seek the truth as to the defendant's innocence or guilt, and also to ensure that a fair balance is struck between the rights of crime victims and the rights of criminal defendants in the course and conduct of criminal and juvenile court delinquency proceedings, the following rights are hereby granted to victims in all prosecutions for crimes and in juvenile court delinquency proceedings:
(a) The right to be present at and, upon specific request, to be informed in advance of any critical stage of the proceedings held in open court when the defendant will be present, and to be heard at the pretrial release hearing and the sentencing or juvenile court delinquency disposition;
(b) The right, upon request, to obtain information about the conviction, sentence, imprisonment, criminal history and future release from physical custody of the criminal defendant or convicted criminal and equivalent information regarding the alleged youth offender or youth offender;
(c) The right to refuse an interview, deposition or other discovery request by the criminal defendant or other person acting on behalf of the criminal defendant provided, however, that nothing in this paragraph shall restrict any other constitutional right of the defendant to discovery against the state;
(d) The right to receive prompt restitution from the convicted criminal who caused the victim's loss or injury;
(e) The right to have a copy of a transcript of any court proceeding in open court, if one is otherwise prepared;
(f) The right to be consulted, upon request, regarding plea negotiations involving any violent felony; and
(g) The right to be informed of these rights as soon as practicable.
(2) This Provision applies to all criminal and juvenile court delinquency proceedings pending or commenced on or after the effective date of this section. Nothing in this Provision reduces a criminal defendant's rights under the Constitution of Pacifica. Except as otherwise specifically provided, this Provision supersedes any conflicting section of this Constitution. Nothing in this section is intended to create any cause of action for compensation or damages nor may this section be used to invalidate an accusatory instrument, conviction or adjudication or otherwise terminate any criminal or juvenile delinquency proceedings at any point after the case is commenced or on appeal. Except as otherwise provided in subsections (3) and (4) of this Provision, nothing in this section may be used to invalidate a ruling of a court or to suspend any criminal or juvenile delinquency proceedings at any point after the case is commenced.
(3)(a) Every victim described in paragraph (c) of subsection (6) of this Provision shall have remedy by due course of law for violation of a right established in this section.
(b) A victim may assert a claim for a right established in this section in a pending case, by a mandamus proceeding if no case is pending or as otherwise provided by law.
(c) The Legislative Assembly may provide by law for further effectuation of the provisions of this subsection, including authorization for expedited and interlocutory consideration of claims for relief and the establishment of reasonable limitations on the time allowed for bringing such claims.
(d) No claim for a right established in this Provision shall suspend a criminal or juvenile delinquency proceeding if such a suspension would violate a right of a criminal defendant guaranteed by this Constitution or the Constitution of the United States.
(4) Upon the victim's request, the prosecuting attorney, in the attorney's discretion, may assert and enforce a right established in this Provision.
(5) Upon the filing by the prosecuting attorney of an affidavit setting forth cause, a court shall suspend the rights established in this Provision in any case involving organized crime.
(6) As used in this Provision:
(a) “Convicted criminal” includes a youth offender in juvenile court delinquency proceedings.
(b) “Criminal defendant” includes an alleged youth offender in juvenile court delinquency proceedings.
(c) “Victim” means any person determined by the prosecuting attorney or the court to have suffered direct financial, psychological or physical harm as a result of a crime and, in the case of a victim who is a minor, the legal guardian of the minor.
(d) “Violent felony” means a felony in which there was actual or threatened serious physical injury to a victim or a felony sexual offense.
(7) In the event that no individual person or number of them has been determined to be a [sole] victim of the crime, the people of Pacifica, represented by the prosecuting attorney, are considered to be the victims, so far as it meetes the criteria of natural Justice. In no event is it intended that the criminal defendant be considered the victim unless exonerating evidence of their innocence or which rightfully justifies their actions, and such accusation or procedure against the defendant caused measurable real damages to rights.

The judicial consulate presiding over a civil suit or criminal case is required to hear from the victim or their representative about what they think is an appropriate punishment, as is within the bounds of the limits of the law regarding the maximum penalty that may be prescribed, and it shall be a supreme consideration in the determination of sentencing handed down to the convicted upon their proper conviction by such judge of a court of proper jurisdiction by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve in accordance with due process under this Constitution.

A claimant alleging theft may file a civil action for damages based on the greater of the value of the stolen property at the time of taking, or the value at the time of report or filing, adjusted for inflation or deflation where the property stolen is money or other monetary value, and the filing or pendency of any criminal complaint, information, indictment, or prosecution shall not be required as a condition precedent to such civil action; likewise, the filing or pendency of any civil action shall not be required as a condition precedent to the initiation, investigation, charging, or prosecution of any criminal offense arising from the same conduct, and neither remedy shall be deemed to borrow, toll, suspend, or limit the other except as expressly provided by law.

Section. 10.15.

The Nation of Pacifica hereby recognizes that certain persons exist at heightened risk of harm, exploitation, coercion, neglect, or abuse by reason of age, disability, health condition, social marginalization, economic dependence, or structural power imbalance, and therefore affirms as a foundational duty of ordered liberty that the Nation shall enact and enforce laws to protect such persons from crime, to punish offenses committed against them with elevated penalties reflecting the gravity of the breach of trust and asymmetry of power involved, and to safeguard persons who, acting in good faith, reasonably and proportionately intervene to defend vulnerable persons from crimes including force, theft, fraud, or threats thereof, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this provision and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.

[]
For the purposes of this Section, a “vulnerable person” shall include, without limitation and in a non-exhaustive and inclusive construction: Children and young people, defined as persons under the age of majority and [?]those subject to State-supervised care or guardianship[?]; older adults and seniors, defined by statutory age threshold or by conditions of frailty, dependency, or social isolation; persons with physical disabilities, including impairments of mobility, vision, hearing, or chronic illness; persons with intellectual or developmental disabilities, including intellectual disability, autism, or cognitive impairment; persons with moderate to serious mental health conditions, including but not limited to delusional disorder, depersonalization in addition to derealization, disassociation, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depression, severe anxiety, or substance dependency disorders; persons who are homeless or experiencing unstable housing; persons who are economically disadvantaged, including those living in poverty or subject to economic dependence upon another; persons belonging to marginalized racial, ethnic, religious, or linguistic minorities, including Indigenous Peoples, or those subjected to hate crimes by them or for supporting them; migrants, refugees, asylum seekers, or displaced persons, those who assist them, and those oppressed or harmed by them; victims or survivors of violence, abuse, exploitation, or trafficking; persons who identify as []successful, apache helicopter, stable,[] HGTVBLTQAI+ or Straight/Hetero-Normative, either subjected to a hate crime or victimized for their support, both being recognized in the interest of equal protection in the law and no special rights or promoted classes; persons confined within institutions including prisoners, residents of psychiatric facilities, or persons in care homes; persons with remedial or low-levels of education, literacy, or significant language barriers; pregnant persons and unborn children; persons subject to material power imbalance including students, employees, or patients in relation to authority figures; and any other person who is demonstrably unable, whether temporarily or permanently, to adequately protect themselves from harm or exploitation, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this Section and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.
[]

Any offense committed against a vulnerable person, whether such vulnerability is actual or reasonably believed by the offender to exist, shall constitute an aggravating circumstance subjecting the offender to elevated penalties as prescribed by law, including enhanced terms of imprisonment, increased fines, and expanded civil remedies proportionate to the nature of the offense and the degree of vulnerability, and in determining sentence the courts shall consider the extent of the victim’s vulnerability, whether such vulnerability was knowingly targeted or exploited, the existence of any position of trust or authority, and any pattern or history of similar conduct, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this Section and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.

Recognition of vulnerability under this Section shall never be construed to justify discrimination, segregation, denial of equal protection of the laws, or diminution of equal dignity, autonomy, or personhood, and the Nation shall promote respectful language, inclusive policies, and protective practices in the Public Instrument that affirm the agency of vulnerable persons while ensuring their safety, all while not imposing standards of regular conduct upon Private parties, and no person acting in good faith and with necessary and sufficient means to defend a vulnerable person from imminent harm shall incur criminal or civil liability solely by reason of such protective action, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this Section and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.

The State Legislatures shall have power and duty to enact laws, and the Executive shall implement policies, necessary and proper to carry this Section into execution, including measures for risk identification, prevention, reporting, investigation, victim services, and remedies, including explicit statutory protections for persons who in good faith defend vulnerable persons, and the Nation shall establish or maintain independent bodies, including an ombudsperson or human rights authority, empowered to receive complaints, conduct investigations, and recommend corrective action, and shall further provide education, training, and public awareness programs concerning rights, obligations, consequences of offenses, and lawful protections afforded under this Provision, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this provision and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.

This Section shall be construed broadly and liberally in favor of the protection of vulnerable persons and those who lawfully and in good faith act to defend them, and nothing in this Section shall be construed to limit, deny, or impair any other right, remedy, or protection guaranteed by this Constitution, by the laws of the Nation, or by applicable principles of international human rights, provided that persons who have committed criminal acts shall not be shielded from liability through this Section and at no time shall the perpetrator be considered a victim based on these criteria.

Section 10.25

The criminal justice system shall practice restorative justice in criminal justice processes; Practices and programs reflecting restorative purposes shall respond to crime by identifying and taking steps to repair harm, involving all stakeholders, and, transforming the relationship between communities and their governments in responding to crime. The main focus of incarceration should be the rehabilitation of inmates, not releasing them before they are ready to be re-integrated to society.

Laws for the punishment of crime shall be founded on these principles: Protection of Civil Society, Personal Responsibility, Accountability for one’s Actions, Restoration for harm/s done, and Reformation.

Any person may file and/or Prosecute legitimate charges on behalf of themself, or with justification, for another [party], upon the presentation of sworn testimony and/or material evidence, without obstruction or delay.

No person shall be restricted in their liberty, nor deprived of any property, without first being at fault for the deprivation of another’s rights, or, a member of government in violation of the civil social compact of the constitution of their territory or state and/or this Constitution, and they must be tried before a civil or criminal court, and no court may proceed in secret, nor without right to writ of habeas corpus before a jury, neither without a jury trial available to the accused or defendant with the benefit of civil or legal counsel or a team of council as the accused/defendant needs and with the right to privacy under attorney-client privilege; No Person shall be convicted, sentenced, or imprisoned, under law, without first being presumed innocent [without inherent bias or deprivation of right at any point in trial], and thereafter be irrefragably proven through supplementation by irrefutable evidence to have denied or intended to deprive the equal right/s of another Person or other Persons, and only through due process of law, non-absentia, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve. Sentences need not be excessive, but should be proportional and reflect upon the specific needs of protection for the public against criminal transgressors.
That no freeman ought to be taken, imprisoned, or disseized of his freehold, liberties, privileges, or franchises, or outlawed, or exiled, or in any manner destroyed or deprived of his life, liberty or property, but by the law of the land.

That every freeman ought to find a certain remedy, by recourse to the laws, for all injuries and wrongs he may receive in his person, property or character. He ought to obtain right and justice freely, without sale, completely and without denial, promptly and without delay; and that all establishments or regulations contravening these rights are oppressive and unjust.

Every individual shall have the right to receive prompt and adequate legal notification if any judicial order affecting their rights, responsibilities, or property has been re-instated, modified, or otherwise reactivated by any court or judicial authority. No judicial order shall bar the rightful owner from access to, use of, or possession of their property, except upon a finding by a court of competent jurisdiction, after due process and notice, that such restriction is necessary to prevent imminent harm or to enforce a lawful judgment. Any such restriction must be narrowly tailored and temporary, subject to regular judicial review. Failure to provide timely legal notification as required by this provision shall render any such judicial order unenforceable against the affected party until proper notice is given.

Section 10.5

Legislators must provide evidence establishing that lesser punishments will not satisfy penological objectives. Mandatory punishments are prohibited, except as may be directed by this Constitution. Courts must have discretion to alter punishments based on individual circumstances, except as may be repugnant to this Constitution. Crimes committed with the intention to violate or deprive another’s rights shall always be [punished] as felonies, otherwise, where evil intention is lacking as a mens rea, the crime shall be classified as a misdemeanor, except that which causes or results in death or serious physical injury, or as is laid forth otherwise by this Constitution and the statutes made in accordance therewith.

Federal, Territorial, State, or Local legislation shall set forth time frames whose periods prescribed consist a statute of limitations where affected parties must take action to enforce rights, seek penalties under law and seek redress after injury or damage; There shall be no statute of limitations on manslaughter, murder, treason, or terrorism, nor the attempts thereof, within Pacifica, but Ex Post Facto protections shall exist in all cases.

Federal, territorial, state, and local legislation shall establish defined statute of liability time periods within which an injured party must initiate action to enforce rights, seek restitution, and obtain redress for harm or damage. The liability period shall be unlimited in cases regarding injuries or damages caused by a public body or its agents. The period of liability shall begin at the moment of discovery in the [civil] injury or damage. Liability periods shall not be tolled on the basis that either the injured party or the alleged injuring party is unable to obtain legal representation. All prescribed periods shall be reasonable in duration and structured to ensure fair opportunity for redress while promoting timely resolution of claims. Retroactive protection from civil liability shall not exist for statutes of liability prescribed [in the time frame of the injury or damage caused] before the adoption of this Constitution.

The age of criminal responsibility in Pacifica shall be ten years old. Any Minor, defined as a person under eighteen years of age, who intentionally commits criminal homicide at age ten or older, may be charged as an adult, regardless of Minor Class Citizenship; In all cases, any person twelve years of age or older who intentionally commits criminal homicide shall be tried as an adult. Any Minor fourteen years of age or older who commits a felony may be charged as an adult; In all cases, any person sixteen years of age or older who commits a felony shall be tried as an adult. No statutory or customary minimum age shall bar the prosecution of an emancipated Minor as an adult, where such Minor has been lawfully granted full or partial emancipation; once emancipated, a Minor shall be held to legal accountability equivalent to that of any free and sovereign Person, without prejudice of age. Juvenile court has jurisdiction over offenses alleged to have been committed prior to a Minor’s eighteenth birthday; after age eighteen, the youth shall be charged in adult court. Juvenile court may retain jurisdiction over a youth until their eighteenth birthday, provided the offense occurred before turning eighteen. Minors of any age may be convicted of a crime, subject to the discretion of the victim or their lawful proxy to pursue prosecution. Every Minor accused of a crime has the right to a jury trial, to the assistance of counsel, and to have their parents or legal guardians and close family present and heard at all stages of the proceedings. A Minor convicted as an adult shall remain in juvenile justicial custody until their eighteenth birthday; Any remainder of sentence shall be served in an adult justicial facility until the sentence is fully served as handed down by the presiding judge. Death-in-prison sentences (life imprisonment without parole) may be imposed on Minor Class Citizens convicted of murder, provided they are above the minimum age of criminal responsibility for such offense. Mental deficiency shall not constitute an affirmative defense for relief from such sentence. Upon transfer to and conviction in adult criminal court, the jurisdiction of the juvenile court over any and all delinquent acts with which the Minor may then or thereafter be charged shall be relinquished; Priorly minor inmate or patient shall thereafter be treated as an adult for all pending and subsequent criminal charges. No law, regulation, or executive act shall infringe upon the unalienable rights of the People, including Minors, to due process including to Natural Justice, Jury trial, assistance of counsel, adherence to Corpus Delicti rule, legal process free from bias, and the right to be heard. All proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with the principles of common law and natural justice, with the presumption of innocence, right to confront accusers, right to challenge evidence, and the right to speedy and public trial guaranteed to all, regardless of age.

No Person shall have their physical liberty restricted unless pursuant to a decision of the Courts of Pacifica of the several States thereof, in the following circumstances:
(1) Upon a conviction in the Criminal Court by the Jury;
(2) Upon an Order of the Civil Court committing a violently offending Person lacking mental capacity to a mental health institution;
(3) Upon an Order of the Civil Court providing for further detention of a Resident Alien or Illegal Immigrant pending deportation proceedings;
(4) Upon a decision of any Court to commit any Person to jail for no more than seven days for a contempt of court committed either by disruption of judicial proceedings or by disobeying a Court order.
(5) Should such Person disobey the same order of a Court more than once, he or she shall be tried in a regular manner for a criminal offense as regulated by law and not limited to a seven-day imprisonment in jail.
(6) Nothing in this provision shall affect the powers of arrest, short-term detention of a Resident pending deportation proceedings, or sequestration of Jurors as enumerated in this Constitution.

The government is entirely prohibited from using medical/psychological treatments as a punishment, or as a condition of release, but this shall not prohibit the government from using psychological motivators and rewards based upon contingency to improve attitudes and outcomes of prisoners while held, nor from providing mechanisms of negative feedback to correct misbehavior by prisoners.

No Individual shall be compelled to identify theirself to any Agent of the Public Administration, unless upon valid arrest under warrant, detention under unassailable probable cause of a violation of the law, or, pursuant to enforcing a lawfully derived Civil or Criminal Court order or subpoena. Anybody providing ID for lawful verification purposes need only exhibit them to meet the criteria of compliance, and not be required that a copy be made.

[]
A lawful frisk or pat down is constitutionally limited to circumstances where there is reasonable and specifically articulable and sufficient detailed basis necessary to believe the person is armed and dangerous to non-aggressors, or within confinement inside an institution under lawful process to intercept unlawful contraband and prevent assault upon workers, inmates, and visitors or guests.
[]

Law enforcement are prohibited from expanding the scope of lawful interactions into matters unrelated to the lawful purpose of the interaction, including but not limited to probing whether the defendant possesses contraband, as well as their origin or destination.

All warrants and arrests shall be executed in a non-violent manner as is reasonably possible, using the minimum amount of force necessary, in preservation of health, bodily integrity, and life, and shall not injure People or animals, nor damage property, as much as humanly possible, in accordance with the mutual non-aggression principle.

No Person shall be detained without trial for more than twenty-four hours otherwise than in pursuit of a Warrant and no Warrants shall be issued, but upon [unassailable] probable cause, supported by appropriate order and unless it is absolutely necessary for the protection of others [whom are non-aggressors], and no detention in pursuit of such a Warrant shall be longer than it is absolutely necessary to bring an accused to trial.

No free man shall be taken or imprisoned, or be disseized of his Freehold, or Liberties, or free Customs, or be outlawed, or exiled, or any other wise destroyed, neither will we pass upon him, nor condemn him, but by lawful judgment of their countrymen, under the Law of the land as prescribed by this Constitution; No legal officer shall start proceedings against anyone on their own mere say-so, without reliable witnesses having been brought for the purpose; a person may not be subjected to any legal proceeding, such as arrest and imprisonment, without sufficient evidence having already been collected to show that there is a prima facie case to answer; This evidence must be collected beforehand, because it must be available to be exhibited in a public hearing within hours, or at the most days, after arrest, not months or longer as may happen in other jurisdictions that apply Napoleonic-inquisitorial criminal laws where evidence is commonly sought after a suspect’s incarceration; Any charge leveled at the hearing thus must be based on evidence already collected, and an arrest and incarceration order is not lawful if not supported by sufficient evidence.

All Warrants for the purposes of criminal proceedings shall be issued by a Judge of the Criminal Court upon request by an Agent of Law Enforcement and shall be supported by evidence of [unassailable] probable cause; such Warrants shall be as detailed as possible and shall refer to one Person only; every Warrant granted for a continuous action shall expire no later than after six months and may only be renewed by another Judge in accordance with ordinary procedure; any Person subject to a Warrant shall be informed without delay of its execution or, in case of a Warrant for a continuous action, once such Warrant has expired and is not renewed.

People have the right to be secure in their Persons, Personal and Private information/records which include but are not limited to medical and psychological information/records, papers, articles, properties and premises/homes, effects, location as well as network information, electronic and radio data (including but not limited to: Meta-data) as well as private communications, from [any and all] un-reasonable and un-warranted searches, seizures and storage; Nor shall any person be stopped or detained unreasonably, neither but upon unassailable probable cause, for the sole purpose of temporarily retaining them while a warrant may be secured to proceed in search or seizure; and no warrant to search any place, seize any person or thing, or access electronic/radio data or communications, shall issue without particularly describing the place to be searched, the person or thing to be seized, tracked, or put under surveillance, or the data or communication to be accessed or stored, as nearly as may be; nor without a modicum of credible evidence for which it is apparent that the accused has likely committed an offense against the rights of another person or against Pacifica and/or the [several] States (which evidence may include or be the statement of a witness sworn under oath by pain and penalty of law for its falsification by any measure or degree), which shall be presented to a judge of competent jurisdiction to provide authorization. Neither Congress nor the several States shall pass any law abridging or infringing the right of the People to encrypt their documents, effects, data, and communications. The People retain the Constitutional right to choose their own method/s of encryption and obscufication.
(mention "blanket search warrant" and "general warrant" as specifically delineated as prohibited to court power?)

No information pursued in an investigation or otherwise obtained through due process, may request access to and/or scan or search and/or seize, the neural pathways; which include but are not limited to the biological or electronic brain along with neuronal apparatus of an Individual; No warrant may be issued granting the government power to access, scan, search, seize, or otherwise interact with a personal (private) neuronet or Artificial Intelligence directly trained by the brain-machine interface, neuronal-machine interface, or electro/magneto/electromagnetic-physiological apparatus of an Individual.

10.666

Herein lie constitutionally dictated terms of warrant Search and Seizure provisions of the constitution, which even apply to all persons, including upon searching and Seizing from law enforcement or the Government at large, by will of the many or few who are so ass according to the interests of the Natural and Constitutional Laws, defend the Public from corruption:

No warrant is required for a search or seizure if consent is given by a person reasonably believed by an officer to have authority to give such consent upon the production of credible evidence proving such. Law enforcement may stop a suspect so long as there is a real and reasonable suspicion of a criminal act and the officer can articulate facts leading to that unassailable probable cause supported by a modicum of measurable evidence that a violation of the rights of another or a violation of due process has occurred, against the suspect before placing arrest, and be capable of and actually present such articulation before the Person whose rights are at risk of arrest upon the defendant’s request, with such evidence documented in a sufficiently non-tamperable and integrity verifiable manner, unless explanation is considered demonstrably unreasonable by unanimous agreement of the Jury due to exigent circumstance; If there is reason to believe that the person may be armed and demonstrably dangerous to Innocent Individuals, law enforcement can also frisk the suspect for detecting and removing weapons on their Person until they shall be returned to the rightful owner at a later time, as according to this Constitution and prescribed by law therewith. A search incident to lawful arrest under warrant does not require issuance of a search warrant in order to search the suspect’s person and immediate vicinity; If someone is lawfully arrested, the law enforcement may search their person and any area surrounding the person that is within reach (within their “wingspan”). No warrant is required to seize credible evidence in plain view if law enforcement are legitimately in the location from which the credible evidence can be viewed, except for that evidence which may be obtained from aerial- or space- -crafts, which itself in all cases requires a warrant to be lawfully photographed and/or searched by such device, but no time-craft may be deployed for any purpose whatsoever. A warrant is not required to search vehicles/crafts if law enforcement have unassailable probable cause, supported by a modicum of evidence, sworn in testimony or by an official statement under penalty of Death for Purgery, to believe the vehicle contains evidence of a crime, the instrumentalities of crime, contraband, or the fruits of a crime, whether the vehicle/craft is moving or already stopped. Evidence that can be easily moved, destroyed or otherwise made to disappear which is found while executing a lawful arrest warrant, before a search warrant can be issued, may be seized without a warrant, under [unassailable] probable cause for the necessity of the seizure alone, sworn in testimony or by an official statement, under penalty of Death for Purgery; Furthermore, if a suspect for a Felony enters private property other than their own lands and the domicile thereon, if while in hot pursuit by officers during a valid arrest, no warrant is required to enter that other property in order to continue pursuit, even if the suspect is in no way connected with the property owner, but absolute care and caution as well as clear and open communication must be provided for the occupants of that land, unless they are found to be accomplices to the crime/s.

Warrants can only be used to attain the fruits and instrumentalities of a crime, and to present them as evidence in a public prosecution against the accused, not as a dragnet surveillance tool, nor as a way to usurp [legitimate] property rights.

No warrant may be rightfully executed without presentation to the accused party and their given proper time to peacefully surrender to the authorities before they may forcefully arrest them as well as execute searches and seizures. This also means that "no knock" warrant executions are explicitly barred from execution.

A warrant is required for all searches and seizures, regardless of who or what is doing the search.

No level of government may introduce quotas to arrest individuals.

The People are to be protected by law and through the public process against/from surveillance of emanations from electric, magnetic, or electromagnetic sources, and against sweeping or scanning of homes, vehicles/craft, property, or person without a valid warrant being issued for the same.

There shall be no GPS tracking of Pacifican citizens without a warrant or lawfully-valid pre-trial release agreement for a fixed term.

[]
No public or private person, corporation, partnership, association, or agent shall engage in dragnet surveillance of any person or class of persons, or in the mass collection, correlation, inference, retention, indexing, sale, licensing, transfer, sharing, querying, or use of location data, license-plate data, vehicle characteristics, device identifiers, radio-frequency data, Bluetooth data, Wi-Fi data, RFID data, telematics, cellular and network data, metadata, electronic emissions, association data, co-location data, convoy data, pattern-of-life data, or any aggregation, derivative, or functional equivalent thereof, whether by automatic license plate or biometric recognition, signal-intelligence augmentation, or any present or future analogous sensing, correlation, or inference system, except pursuant to a warrant issued upon unassailable probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the person, place, thing, data, communication, or class of narrowly identified targets to be searched, tracked, accessed, seized, stored, or surveilled; no warrant shall authorize general or blanket surveillance, retrospective mass querying, indefinite retention, or the collection of data concerning persons not individually suspected of an offense, and no private actor shall do indirectly, by contract, delegation, cooperation, resale, or technological architecture, that which the government may not do directly; provided, however, that systems which activate only upon an objectively dangerous and externally verifiable threshold, such as a speed-detection camera triggered solely by excessive speed creating actual danger, shall not be deemed prohibited by this section, so long as their use, disclosure, retention, and deletion comply with this Constitution; nothing herein shall prohibit lawful scientific experimentation, security testing, proof-of-concept attacks, or similar research conducted without trespass, fraud, unauthorized access, destruction, circumvention of justice, or other violation of the rights of others, and nothing herein shall be construed to authorize or excuse the abuse of such systems for political retribution, public shaming, discriminatory targeting, guilt by association, selective enforcement, or any other purpose contrary to the pursuit and aims of justice.
[]

The government may not, without a warrant obtained and limited as specified in this Constitution, purchase or otherwise obtain information about Pacifican Citizens from any non-government entities; Domestic electronic surveillance of any kind without a warrant (issued through onerous Due Process) is prohibited;

Occupants who have less than full rights over the premises can, through consent, give police the legal justification they need to search parts of a residence. For example, a roommate can give consent that allows the police to search her room, the living room, and the kitchen. But if she doesn’t have access to or control over her roommate’s separate bedroom, she can’t provide proper authorization for the police to search it. A primary resident of a home can give valid consent to a search that might implicate a guest who is temporarily staying there. But if the resident doesn’t have access to or use of the place or item to be searched, the consent is probably invalid. A person who doesn’t live in a home but who uses and has joint access to or control over parts of it can authorize the police to search those parts. But someone who is a mere guest generally doesn’t have authority to let the police snoop around. The question is whether police officers reasonably believe that someone who provides consent has normal access to and use of the parts of the house to be searched. consent to search a home that a housekeeper gives is invalid, because the housekeeper isn’t a resident of the home, they don’t use the home for their own purposes, and they have access to it only at the discretion of the homeowner. If the housekeeper lives in the home and authorizes the police to search only those parts of it that he or she has access to, then the search might be legitimate. In_General/On_Average, the more authority over the home or other domicile someone has, the greater the weight in their ability to admit somebody on the principle of good faith and trust between all parties lawfully-worthy of administering such permission to grant.

No Agent of the Public Administration shall operate undercover without a Warrant, and such Warrant shall specify the purposes for which it was issued; no Agent whilst executing a Warrant shall exceed the scope of the authority expressly granted therein, nor shall any Agent acting undercover use any method of entrapment to obtain evidence incriminating any Person; once the function for which the Warrant was issued has been carried into effect or abandoned, the Agent shall disclose to the Court issuing the Warrant a full report of all actions undertaken and evidence gathered whilst acting undercover; no evidence obtained pursuant to a Warrant permitting an Agent to act undercover shall be admissible against any Person unless the aforementioned report and all evidence is disclosed to that Person and to the Court.

10.75

Defendants may motion, and judges may grant such motions, or [judges] may decide upon themself, when it is without an abuse of discretion, that some or all charges against an individual or civil commitment action, to have the entire case be dismissed in the interests of justice (Ex Merito Justitiae), with such interest principally derived from the prerogatives of Society in their needs and interests for protection and the enjoyment of rights, when it is thought a defendant is otherwise to excessively or unfairly/unjustly charged; Or if the punishment does not meete the alleged or actually committed crime for which one faces a criminal or civil verdict. The conditions and terms by which one may be dismissed Ex Merito Justitiae shall be set by the Jurisdiction of the People, as in "We the People", having lawful authority over the court.

No person accused or accuser in any criminal proceeding shall be deprived of liberty without being provided the benefit of a trauma‑informed jury, duly instructed in the scientific understanding of trauma, including its neurobiological effects such as hypervigilance, post‑traumatic stress, and battered person syndrome; and juries shall be required to evaluate all acts alleged as aggression or self‑defense in the full context of the individual’s lived experience of threat, coercion, discrimination, or rights intimidation, wherein it shall be recognized that defendants may in truth be victims of prior or continuing aggression, repression, or injustice, and that the protection of self, others, or inherent rights against violation shall not be construed as criminal. Courts shall therefore admit evidence of trauma and relational threat patterns as prima facie justification where relevant, and any conviction rendered without observance of these standards shall be presumptively invalid, subject to immediate review and restoration of rights; and justice under this Constitution shall be understood to be restorative in nature, grounded in the factual equity of circumstances rather than abstraction or presumption.

The accused awaiting trial and those convicted of criminal charge, or those awaiting or condemned by civil action on account of their mental illness, have the rights to access media such as print, CD-ROM, flash drive; to write, to the press; to print; to entertainment; and to free communicate, including but not limited to paper and pen, by radio, and through the internet/interwebs and computer programs. This right includes the right to word processing and image manipulation,

There shall be a “5 strikes, indeterminate sentence automatically without deference” applying to “person felonies”.

Body camera recordings become public information at the conclusion of any trial or any resolution by the court. Courts are ordered through this constitution to release case discovery to the general public at least 14 business days before the Trial is scheduled to begin, after all hearings and evidentiary suppression reviews by the citizen's court. Body cams are not subject to censoring, and must be revealed after a case concludes, no matter the verdict of not guilty (innocent/blameless), guilty (injurer/liable), or no contest (neither accepting blame nor rejecting guilt), or the suppression of evidence for a trial. Information properly classified which is made available through body camera footage at time of criminal, civil, or familial/parental-custody/kid-protection court proceedings by a citizen’s bench and citizen’s jury must not be censored for the purpose of State security or other ends.

The defendant has the right to opt for their trial to be recorded in Audio+Video, and documents scanned as well as downloads or cloud-files made available, and to receive all discovery, hearings, trials, habeas corpus, appeals, and any other court matters, provided in a long-term-storage format, such as upon LTO-tape/s or Millennium-Disk/s, at the end of court proceedings.

Judges shall have the discretion to set conditions for pretrial release, including monetary bail or release on personal recognizance, based on an individualized assessment of each case. In exercising this discretion, judges may consider the seriousness of the offense charged, the defendant’s criminal history, the risk of flight, and the potential risk to public safety. No condition of pretrial release shall be imposed more restrictively than necessary to reasonably ensure the defendant’s appearance in court and the safety of the community, consistent with the presumption of innocence and the right to liberty. All decisions regarding pretrial release shall be subject to prompt judicial review upon request by the defendant or their counsel. All pretrial release decisions are subject to habeas corpus upon the request of the defendant or their legal counsel.

Probates and Parolees shall be afforded with reasonable accommodations, as needed, such as if there is an exigent circumstance that prevents them from making it to work on time or keeping their job, et cetera.

Inmates shall be segregated by criminal conviction, behavior, as well as previous institutional behavior and more recent history as well, and be granted privileges based on the level and length of good or bad behavior. Inmates have the right to be protected from assault or other forms of abuse by fellow wards. The purpose of segregation is to ensure the safety and security of all inmates and of detention staff.

Both defendants and prosecutors shall have the opportunity for equal time to be given for questioning and to present arguments, and to not be denied time on account of the other party choosing not to use theirs.

Evidence must conform to a number of rules and restrictions to be admissible, or disposed of after trial, as to be prescribed by law.

The fabrication of evidence presented to a court of law shall be a high crime. Preparing, planting, or presenting fabricated evidence shall, in all circumstances, be felonious.

A plaintiff who makes false accusatory statements to an official or otherwise manufactures charges, shall be held criminally liable, for equal to or more than the penalty that would have been handed down otherwise had the accused actually been found guilty and given the maximum punishment, and the [victimized] defendant shall be eligible for the charges against them to be dropped, expunged, or pardoned. An individual giving testimony who knowingly makes false statements to an official or otherwise gives false information or produces ‘manufactured’-evidence, shall be held criminally liable, for equal to or more than the penalty that would have been handed down otherwise. In both cases, the penalty for either shall be the same, and as shall be proscribed by law.

No Person shall be subject to the determination of guilt based on the testimony of another Person’s feelings, religious/spiritual convictions, or dreams.

Where evidence is found to be illegally obtained, those who obtained such evidence shall be subjected to criminal prosecution.

Investigations and trials shall be limited to the relevant facts and related evidence surrounding each individual case.

In civil and criminal cases, the burden of proof lies upon him who affirms an injury, not upon him who denies one; since, by the nature of things, he who denies a fact cannot produce any proof.

The prosecution is required to disclose to a criminal defendant at their request all evidence that is material to guilt or to punishment; Prosecutors have a constitutional duty to disclose to the court and to the defendant “all significant evidence suggestive of innocence or mitigation,” both during a trial and after conviction; Exculpatory evidence found by witnesses, law enforcement, or the court, must be presented, documented, and examined, and the defendant exonerated.

No person shall be denied standing to privately prosecute a public right for at least declaratory or injunctive relief, even if he or she has not incurred, or does not expect, personal injury resulting from the failure to grant such relief.

No Person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the Military, when in actual service in time of War or public danger.

Absent evidence of a defendant’s misconduct affecting the integrity of the initial judicial process, a defendant will have double jeopardy protection against a particular charge whenever a Jury deliberates and is unable to agree upon conviction unanimously.

All Persons held by any Agent or any body of the Public Administration against their will under any circumstances whatsoever shall have the right to petition the Criminal Court for a writ of habeas corpus.

An accused who does not speak the language in which the civil or criminal proceedings are conducted shall be provided without expense with the services of an interpreter.

A Defendant may choose to be forwarded to another attorney of their choice if necessary for an alternative legal opinion or course of legal defense.

An attorney’s first duty is toward their client/s, and not to the courts and the public, with exception of the Attorney General, whose highest duty is to the People [as their client]. The commencement and continuance of a Person with an Attorney to counsel, guide, or represent them, shall not [in itself] render the client a ward of the court.

Legal professional privilege and common interest doctrine shall be prescribed by law.

Work-product doctrine shall be prescribed by law.

The ability of an inmate to communicate to an attorney in confidence/privilege, appeal, petition, and their right to vote, shall not be restricted, denied, suspended, abridged, obstructed, infringed/impacted/impaired, or otherwise compromised.

The right to appeal never ends, nor may it be denied, though it may be moderated to ensure all other interested appealing Persons get their cases weighed; and though Appeals may fail, another may always follow after.

The law shall define and ensure adequate protection of the secrecy of legal proceedings, in the interest of protecting Victims as well as Offenders from defamation and threats against them.

In order to guarantee the principle of equity, the law shall regulate the cases when justice shall be free of cost.

The law shall establish a procedure so that the detained may request the court to decide about the lawfulness of the detention. Likewise the law shall establish the procedure to restore the impaired fundamental rights of any Person under detention.

Prosecutors may not seek higher Penalties, nor may Judges impose higher Penalties, when Defendants exercise their Right to a jury Trial.

It is considered a form of genocide, and unlawful, for a ward to tamper with sexual reproductivity or to maim or injure the gonadic functions of prisoners.

There shall be co-ed, consensual romantic relationship compatible, and conjugal housing for inmates/patients, with family options for [their] kids up to the age of 14 (fourteen), then they must either be transferred to a relative or legal guardian, or curator over their pupilship [as according to the Roman civil and Familial law otherwise in conformity to this constitution and interoperating with the laws made underneath it in accordance to its principles], unless they are emancipated at or before that time.

No law shall retroactively change the legal consequences or status of actions or omissions that have been already committed, or relationships that already existed, before the enactment of said law.

No Person shall be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of a penalty.

Any question of which court, National, State, or Local, shall have jurisdiction, shall be decided by a grand jury of citizens selected at random, if possible, from outside the jurisdictions of the courts in contention.

In all suits of law, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise re-examined in any Court of Pacifica, than according to the principles and rules under this Constitution, and of the Roman Civil Law except as may be directed otherwise by this Constitution, or if neither, prescribe a course or remedy, as according to the customs of Common Law, Contract law (under Pacifican Principles), or in none such case, as according the legal customs of United States law as under to the Articles of Confederation except as may be provided otherwise by the 1787CE Constitution of the United States, and additionally through the Bill of Rights of 1789CE, as it was originally proposed.

No Person shall be unreasonably impeded from access to a randomly selected grand jury of twenty-four, who, if they should return an indictment or presentment, may appoint that Person, ‘the accuser’, or any other to prosecute the case, and shall decide which court, if any, has jurisdiction, and whether any Person shall have official immunity from suit.

In all trials in which there are mixed questions of law and fact, including all criminal jury trials, and all jury trials in which government officials or agents, whether general, State, or Local, shall be a party, parties shall have the right not to have decisions by the bench on questions of law made before all arguments can be made before the jury, excepting only arguments on defense motions in limine that cannot be made without disclosing evidence properly excluded. Jurors shall receive copies of all applicable constitutions, statutes, court precedents, and legal arguments, including those of Intervenors and amici curiae, and access to an adequate law library in which they can do research with available training, and legal assistant attorneys on select days of the week.

All defendants in civil and criminal proceedings shall have the right to attend Court proceedings, to be informed of the civil liabilities or criminal charges and of their rights, to compel accusors and witnesses to appear in Court for examination, and to examine all evidence gathered against them, including any information which has been classified as a State secret should the Prosecution wish to employ such evidence; in such cases, the proceedings shall take place in camera and all Persons involved shall take an oath of secrecy for the period the relevant information remains [justifyably] classified.

All defendants in civil or criminal or any other innovational-category [in pursuit of Justice] proceedings shall have the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty and to not be compelled to be a witness against himself or herself, or such other Persons as may be prescribed by law, without any negative inference; the Prosecution shall at all times carry the legal burden of proof, discharged beyond reasonable doubt, in relation to the defendant’s liability or guilt, including disproving any defense envisaged by the law which they might raise; nothing in this provision shall prevent the creation of defenses which require the defendant to discharge the evidential burden of proof by raising the issue of defense available to them. The accused have the right at all times [including after conviction] to attain and present exonerating evidence where available and to subpoena for evidence when it is not immediately available to them, without obstruction or delay;-and be it said that exhausting available evidence of innocence is not in itself proof of guilt.

The right to release from custody, prior to conviction through irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence, is a clear and important liberty interest. Pre-trial detention is permitted only upon the government showing, by clear and convincing [objective] evidence, that the defendant poses a serious risk of flight or threat of substantial criminal wrongdoing. Pre-trial release conditions shall be narrowly tailored to secure attendance at trial or the prevention of crime. Only State agents may assess and administer financial sureties; and counsel for the indigent shall be available prior to any determination of pre-trial detention.

A defendant’s lack of knowledge shall be a reasonable excuse to pardon them from their behavior when the infraction, violation, or crime in question, was “malum prohibitum”, or “bad because its prohibited”, in such cases where an infraction, violation, or crime has no direct victim or harmed individual, as may be permitted by law for the government to establish under this Constitution, such as for violations surrounding the rules of the road.

All accusations must be possible to be proved through irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence, and must be proven so in a court of law to have any effect or ordinance, and false accusations which as a direct result lead to the deprivation of any rights in another, shall always be punished as a felony; failure to prove an accusation irrefragably with irrefutable proof, before a court shall be evidence enough of its falsehood, and unless it can be proven at a later date to in fact be true through evidence directly tangential to the facts the accusation is based upon, it shall be upheld as inference of innocence and absolve the accused of punishment.

No person shall be subjected to a legal proceeding that is designed or used as a tool for political retribution, public shaming, or to suppress dissenting speech. All trials must be conducted with impartiality, ensuring the defendant’s right to a fair hearing free from bias, political pressure, or public spectacle. The imposition of damages or penalties intended to punish speech or suppress unpopular opinions rather than remedy actual, demonstrable harm shall be prohibited. The right of every individual to express opinions, including critical, unpopular, or even offensive views about public events, government narratives, or official accounts, shall be inviolable. Expression questioning or disputing any narrative shall not be grounds for civil or criminal penalties absent direct incitement to violence or unlawful action. The state shall not impose liability or damages as a tool for silencing or financially debilitating such expression, no matter how distressing or controversial. No court shall award damages or impose penalties that function as a tool of political or ideological suppression, including punitive damages disproportionately exceeding actual harm. Remedies in civil litigation shall be limited to compensatory damages strictly correlated to verified harm. Trials and judgments must not be weaponized to bankrupt, censor, or silence individuals for their protected speech or beliefs. The liberty to speak, question, and pursue truth in conscience constitutes a natural right independent of government sanction. The state shall never abridge these rights on grounds of national emergency, public sensitivity, or political expediency. The pursuit of justice demands protecting both popular and unpopular speech equally. Any person subjected to unfair or politicized legal actions under these protections shall have assured access to independent courts to seek immediate relief, including injunctions to halt such proceedings and remedies for wrongful punitive action. Courts found to violate these principles shall face appropriate sanction to uphold rule of law and justice.

No person accused of a crime shall be compelled, whether by warrant, court order, or otherwise, to disclose any mental health or psychiatric records without the voluntary, informed, and explicit consent of the accused. Any attempt by the government to obtain mental health or psychiatric records of an accused without such consent shall be presumed unconstitutional and inadmissible as evidence in any civil or criminal proceeding. The accused shall have the exclusive right to waive or assert this protection, and no waiver shall be implied or presumed by silence or failure to disclose. Exceptions to this protection may only be established by a clear and convincing standard of judicial review, ensuring strict scrutiny, and shall require that any compelled disclosure is narrowly tailored, strictly necessary, and the least intrusive means to serve a compelling state interest such as immediate threat to life or public safety. Any violation of this Provision by law enforcement, prosecutors, or courts shall result in the exclusion of the improperly obtained mental health evidence and may expose responsible parties to civil and criminal penalties, including damages and professional disciplinary actions, in addition to charges related to the violation of the defendant's rights.

In all things/cases, whether or not they are punitive damages, it will be: [that] Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor excessive terms of incarceration, nor any other excessive form of criminal punishment, nor torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, or unusual treatments or punishments inflicted. No person arrested, or confined in jail/prison/asylum, shall be treated with unnecessary rigor.

Offences, except murder, and treason, shall be bailable by sufficient sureties or releasable upon personal recognizance. Murder or treason, shall not be bailable or releasable upon personal recognizance, when the proof is evident, or the presumption strong.

All penalties shall be proportioned to the offense. In all criminal cases whatever, the jury shall have the right to determine the law and whether or not a compelling interest of Justice is being served by the law, and the facts under the direction of the Court as to the law, and the right of new trial, as in civil cases.

Forfeiture of property or estate, indefinite imprisonment, and un-reasonable detention of accusers and witnesses are forbidden.

There shall be proportionality of punishment for a crime and in the severity of forfeiture of property or estate for the magnitude of a felony, weighing on an individual basis given the facts and circumstances under which a crime took place, fitting a specific punishment to serve the needs of the community for protection against recidivism while at the same time without applying excessive punishments, et cetera…, to achieve reasonable outcomes for the equal interests of both the convicted and their victims. No person charged with a crime shall be compelled to pay costs before a judgment of conviction has become final. A person not found guilty of a crime shall not be assessed fees or costs to recover property seized as evidence or otherwise held, impounded, or stored by the government.

No torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, excessive, or unusual treatment or punishment shall be inflicted by any Agent or Member of any branch of the Public Administration or under the supervision or approval thereof against any Person; nor shall any Person be rendered to any State or group should there be a reasonable suspicion that the aforementioned may inflict such treatment on such Person; nor shall any experiments, medical or otherwise, be conducted against any Person without their express and informed consent; no Individual shall be medically examined or otherwise tested unless pursuant to a Warrant or with the Individual’s express and informed consent.

The prohibition on the torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, excessive, or unusual treatment or punishment requires that neither the State nor the National government shall impose the death penalty, except upon members of the Government who violate the limitations imposed upon them by the constitution, or commence in some other form of treason; nor place individuals in prolonged solitary confinement. Furthermore, no person, whether citizen or not, and whether held awaiting trial, convicted, or in detention for other reasons, shall be subjected to cruel, unusual, excessive, or degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing treatment that violates human dignity or is degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing to mental health. When determining whether such a breach is or has taken place, all branches of the government shall consider continually improving [and procedurally-evolving] standards, both national and international, of human decency.

The death penalty shall be abolished throughout Pacifica, except in cases of treason by the government of Pacifica, any State, Territory, or other Jurisdiction therein, including, but not limited to abuses of expressed Authority and exercised powers, as well as them violating any provision or precept espoused within it, even when solely in error or directed by misinformation. Members of the government shall, in all cases of treason, such as violating any clause of the constitution, such as but not limited to when they unjustly injure or kill another by their or the direction of someother’s actions, then they shall be put to death by execution, there through either, or a combination of, hanging, death by firing squad, lethal injection, or DC electric chair. executions of governmental members for treason shall be public and broadcast on live TV. The executions will be made available on parental content-control locked over-the-air radio digital TV, internet streaming public-access cable and public-access satellite TV as free offerings.

In civil and criminal cases, the People shall have the right to the following:
(1) to a speedy and public case and fair trial;
(2) to fair trial by an impartial jury composed of twelve Citizens; In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public case and fair trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law; in any event, no Person shall be convicted of a criminal offense later than a year after a Warrant permitting the detention of such Person was executed in connection with that offense; should said Person escape or allegedly commit any subsequent criminal offense, a new Warrant for custody may be issued.
(3) to be informed of nature and cause of the accusation. No Person shall be arrested or detained without being at once informed of the charges against him or without the immediate privilege of counsel; nor shall they be detained without adequate cause; and upon demand of any Person such cause must be immediately shown in open court in their presence and the presence of their counsel;
(4) to confront accusors and witnesses and to compel accusors and witnesses to appear in court;
(5) to the assistance of legal counsel free of charge where appropriate. All Persons held against their will by the Public Administration under any circumstances whatsoever shall have the right to be assisted by effective legal counsel and an interpreter, should they not speak the language of interrogation or court proceedings, and in case of trial, to have reasonable time for the preparation of their case; services of a counsel and an interpreter shall be contracted personally or, in criminal proceedings where a Person is not able to afford it, they shall be provided by the Secretary of the Judiciary with the possibility to subsequently recover reasonable expenses should a defendant be convicted and the verdict not be overturned by the Supreme Court.;
(6) to be presumed innocent until proven guilty;
(7) not to be compelled to be a witness against himself or herself;
(8) not to be disabled in the exercise, or deprived, of Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, or the pursuit of Happiness, without first being irrefragably proven through supplementation of irrefutable evidence to have denied or intended to deprive the equal right/s of another Person or other Persons, and only through due process of law.
(9) In all prosecutions, the accused shall have the right to public case and fair trial by an impartial jury in the county in which the offense shall have been committed; to be heard by himself and counsel; to demand the nature and cause of the accusation against him, and to have a copy thereof; to meet the witnesses face to face, and to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor; provided, however, that any accused person, in other than capital cases, and with the consent of the trial judge, may elect to waive trial by jury and consent to be tried by the judge of the court alone, such election to be in writing; provided however, that they shall only be found guilty by unanimous verdict, and not otherwise; provided further, that the existing laws and constitutional provisions relative to prosecutions shall be continued and remain in effect as to all prosecutions for crimes committed before the taking effect of this amendment.
(10) In all prosecutions, the accused shall have the right to fair public trial by an impartial jury in the county in which the offense shall have been committed; to be heard by himself and counsel; to demand the nature and cause of the accusation against him, and to have a copy thereof; to meet the witnesses face to face, and to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor; provided, however, that any accused person, in other than capital cases, and with the consent of the trial judge, may elect to waive trial by jury and consent to be tried by the judge of the court alone, such election to be in writing; provided however, that they shall only be found guilty by unanimous verdict, and not otherwise; provided further, that the existing laws and constitutional provisions relative to prosecutions shall be continued and remain in effect as to all prosecutions for crimes committed at any time.
(11) Defendants have the right to be served justice by a fully informed jury, who know all of their Rights, Powers, Duties, and Responsibilities, as well as who are learned and understand all basic legal rules and procedures as well as definitions, and whom know all relevant laws and case rulings, as they are applicable to the case at hand.

The detained, imprisoned, or an inmate, shall be provided with [no less than]:
1) Nutritionally Suitable, Palatable, Wholesome, healthy, Pure, Clean, non-toxic, Natural, Organic, Promoting of true health, Evolutionarily, Ethnically, and Culturally appropriate, including balanced and complete: Food, Supplementation, and Clean/Pure drinking [molecular] Water/DiHydrogenMonoxide [as appropriate] [either by Reverse Osmosis or Steam Distillation and Vapor Condensation] and electrolyte packets, with regard taken to tailor the provided meals around preventing any hazardous food allergies; Those who work will be provided beyond their wages with extra Food, compared to the meager-meal/bare-bone 2200 calorie rations with no less than 100% all basic food groups including Animal and Plant Protein, high-density cholesterol and endocholesterol-promoting foods, Healthy Fats, Complex Carbs, Fibre, Low-Glycemic-index natural sweeteners, and essential nutrients, which will come with the standard meals for non-working inmates. The sum of all meals throughout the days of the week and through all seasons, will be nutritionally balanced as a diet to avoid any potential deficiency or dangerous over-supply of nutrients, including with all necessary vitamins and minerals essential for good health, whose composition is customly specialized by a dietitian to be encompassingly wholesome, nutritionally complete, balanced and varied, naturally derived and rendered, hot and raw food, and meal plans suitable tailored to the inmate's/patient's needs. The rationing of food and water, as well as adequate nutrition and variety shall not be levied as leverage for contrition or negative detractor/feedback for penalty/punishment.
2)To be furnished and periodically replaced clean necessary bedding and clothing for all prisoners in the custody of the keeper.
3) Medical assistance if the detainee is in need of lifesaving or emergency services, or health maintenance medicine and psychological well-being services, in accordance with Pacifican Consent Theory. The Detained and all other Prisoners shall be offered at the point of detention or intake, and periodically in an appropriate manner thereafter, medical checkups and psychological evaluations, mental health therapy and counseling [upon request], and will be provided with necessary medical and psychological care [in a timely fashion] upon their consent;
4) Adequate temperature control and ventilation; This shall not be in any way construed as requiring conditions to be comfortable, simply survivable and humane.
5) An appropriate blanket as well as a bed along with a pillow if the period of detention is to be overnight or greater than 12 hours, whichever enables their access sooner; This shall not be in any way construed as requiring conditions to be comfortable, simply survivable and humane.
6) Seating proper for extended periods;
7) Reasonable access to free writing supplies and stamps, and baseline supplies provided for the indigent, and at cost (I.e. without markup) for those with capacity to pay.
8) A personal pocket computer and unfettered/unrestricted access with it to the internet (interwebs) and unlimited International Calling/Telephone.
9) Reasonable access to an International Telephone and Internet in order to Communicate to Friends, Family, their Attorney, for personal purpose, correspondence with external agencies and services networks, countrycode"800" (toll-free) and countrycode"411" (directory services) numbers and the [free] Press, which may be recorded and/or monitored for use as evidence unless legal confidence and privilege is required under Due Process by the Law of the Land underneath the Constitution of Pacifica, and of their State [if applicable]. Baseline access shall be furnished free-of-cost to indigent individuals.
10) To be provided with a newspaper and magazine subscription of choice, as well as one free personal book per month, whether or not it is Hardcover or otherwise, as reasonably and humanly possible to accommodate, to be the inmate’s private property.
11) To be provided with reasonable religious/spiritual accommodation and adjustments (including for dress/clothes {especially to RF/EMF shielding articles}, bedding, food and drink, prayer, shrines, informational/knowledge tools, et cetera, within the bounds of the law), and to be furnished with access to a religious/spiritual library, chaplain, and non-denominational religious and spiritual services including chapel, Zen and Heavenly meditation as well as martial yoga and self-defense classes (including Tai/Dao Chi/Qi and Chi/Qi Kung/Gong), in addition to energy cleansing rituals. This shall extend to protect the right to [a]-religious meal accommodation/s and adjustments in conformity to personal conviction and belief, and [a]-spiritual accommodations like for [inter]-living shrines (Plants, Fungi)
12) To communicate in confidence/privilege with an attorney, and to freely access and make proper use of a suitable and adequate law library, made available in their naively spoken first language where reasonably possible, as shall be laid down and directed by law; To be afforded the opportunity to see an attorney at least once a day in the law library.
13) Toilets and sinks;
14) Counters, Desks, and Chairs;-[And]
15) Personal hygiene supplies.

(1) Every Person arrested, imprisoned, or an inmate/patient, shall be respected in a timely manner in regards to their right to:
(a) Personalized detention & treatment plan for prisoners;
(b) Communicate freely in person and by reasonable access to telephones;
(c) Send and receive sealed mail and packages, except that this right may be limited for security reasons in state institutions as prescribed by law through the Legislature of the Relevant Jurisdiction;
(d) Wear the clothing of the person;
(e) Own, Possess, Keep, and Use personal possessions, including toilet articles, watches, laptops, and pocket or wrist computers;
(f) [A]Spiritual and [a]Religious freedom and reasonable access to needed materials and services as meaningfully and humanly where possible;
(g) A private storage area with free access thereto;
(h) Be furnished with a reasonable supply of writing materials, envelopes, and stamps, as well as access to a printer in addition to adequate amounts of ink and paper for normal printing tasks;
(i) A written treatment plan, kept current with the progress of the person;
(j) Be represented by counsel whenever the rights of the inmate/patient may be affected;
(k) Petition for a writ of habeas corpus in addition to Jurial inquestry and Jurial review;
(l) Not be required to perform routine labor tasks of the facility except those essential for treatment;
(m) Be given reasonable compensation for all work performed other than personal housekeeping duties;
(n) Daily access to fresh air and the outdoors, except that this right may be limited when it would create significant risk of harm to the person or others;
(o) Reasonable privacy and security in resting, sleeping, dressing, bathing, personal hygiene and toileting, except that this right may be limited when it would create significant risk of harm to the person or others;
(p) Such other rights as may be specified by rule; and
(q) Exercise all civil rights in the same manner and with the same effect as one not admitted to the facility, including, but not limited to, the right to dispose of real property, execute instruments, make purchases, enter contractual relationships, and vote, unless the person has been adjudicated incompetent and has not been restored to legal capacity. Disposal of personal property in possession of the person in a state institution is subject to limitation for security reasons.
-
(2) A person must be immediately informed, orally and in writing, of any limitation:
(A) Of the right to send or receive sealed mail, after security screening;
(B) Regarding the disposal of personal property;
(C) Of the right to reasonable privacy and security in resting, sleeping, dressing, bathing, personal hygiene and toileting under subsection (1)(o) of this provision; and
(D) Of the right to daily access to fresh air and the outdoors under subsection (1)(n) of this provision.
(E) Any limitation under this provision and the reasons for the limitation must be stated in the person’s written punishment or treatment plan.
(F) The person has the right to challenge any limitation under this provision pursuant to rules adopted by the institutional authority. The person must be informed, orally and in writing, of this right.
(G) An incarcerated person shall have the right to be free from potentially unusual or hazardous treatment procedures, including convulsive therapy, unless the person has given express and informed consent. An incarcerated person may not be subjected to psychosurgery.
(H) Mechanical restraints shall not be applied to a person admitted to a facility.
-
(3) An incarcerated person or civil commitment shall be guaranteed with:
(a) Daily access to a library stocked with non-fiction & reference materials, and afterwards [if space permitting], fictional, artistic, and [a]religious/[a]spiritual materials; Including among these materials, should be resources for all education levels deemed relevant of the average [of Pacifican populous] and above average inmates/patients. Among the materials shall be printed, audio, visual, and digital formats.
(b) Clothing and accessories such as shoes and head-coverings/hats/beanies items that when used in combination are suitable for all-weather, with seasonally appropriate wardrobes.
(c) Access to Medical services, including preventative medicine and doctors’ visits, dentistry, vision, and Medical Marijuana and Psychedelic-assisted Trauma Treatment as well as Addiction Management programs, and access to any medicine or psychiatric agent where there is a legitimate and current doctor’s recommendation in place.
(d) Mental Health services, including therapy and counseling, subject to confidentiality except as may be necessary to protect another person from imminent harm/danger, or an admission of murder/unjustified-homicide.
(e) Access to Newspapers & News Publications, Shows, and Recordings/Podcasts.
(f) Access to Books through Orders, Printing of reasonable amounts of Personal non-legal use Papers, and Access to a monitored Cloud-filestore for Documents, Art, Music, and Photos they create while Incarcerated.
(g) Access to phonebook and directory assistance from the operator.
(h) Access to the internet and right to own, possess, use, and keep Personal Electronic Devices capable of using the internet such as Game Consoles/Systems, Laptops, Pocket Personal Computers and Smartphones or Smart Radios, Tablets, Smart Watches, Streaming-audio Turntables or Computerized Dj-Controllers, and to have meaningful access at all times other than during the designated time-slot/s on 'trip days'/transport for security purposes.
(i) Access to musical instruments and production equipment, as well as to make and process/edit/master recordings in addition to making or receiving sheet and cord music, subject to safety or security restrictions in specific cases where there has already been abuse of the privilege by the individual in question.
(j) Access to the great outdoors no less than one hour a day, and no less than three hours out of their cell daily, unless a serious and qualified risk to facility security or the safety of staff or another inmate or themself is involved.
(k) Access to moderated use of alcohol and cannabis in penal institutions and mental hospitals, subject to management plan, which includes limited access to beer and joints available on commissary orders for consumption in the Friday and Saturday dining room or in the outside dining areas with ‘smoking access’. Conditional upon good behavior and performance of required chores.
(l) Access to a patient trust and crowdfunding resources for indigent inmates or patients to acquire items through the market or on the Internet by billing it to their inmate/patient trust account.
-
(4) Nothing in this section prevents the authority from acting to exclude contraband from its facilities and to prevent possession or use of contraband in its facilities. As used in this provision, unless the context requires otherwise, “Contraband” means: (A) Psychoactive substances except for: Tobacco, Medical Cannabis including seeds of any quantity and variety, Medical Psilocybin Fungi including spores (up to one ounce), Medical Salvia Divinorum Plants as well as seeds and plant-matter up to five grams of ten-times potency in standardized extract form as well as tinctures from/of the same suspended in up to 70% ethyl-alcohol, Medical Opium Latex/Sap of up to two grams, Commissary Marijuana and Weekend Canteen Alcohol in security container, or, LSA containing plant seeds for medicinal alcoholic rehabilitation program, or general purpose seeds and live plants for inmate room/cell/cottage therapy gardens of all the same natural origins; Drug paraphernalia except for: Those commonly associated with cannabis such as all-natural cigarette rolling papers and non-security pipe items such as but not limited to Silicone Pipes/Bongs and Stainless-steel bowl-pieces; Except as otherwise for commissary and business purposes, currency possessed by or in the control of an adult in custody confined in a correctional facility; or Any article or thing which a person confined in a correctional facility, youth correction facility, or state hospital, is prohibited by statute, rule, or order from obtaining or possessing, and for which whose use would endanger the safety or security of such institution or any person therein. “Contraband” does not include authorized money, legal tender, or currency, authorized by the facility, in a denomination not to be less than fifty dollars, nor Cannabis or Tobacco, nor authorized  lighters, matches, and non-glass magnifying lenses for Persons of Adult Class.

Jail, prison, and psychiatric institution guards shall provide prompt service to their charges and not make one wait longer than necessary for care or service.

Neither a Judge nor Warden nor Authorized Doctor or other Person, has the Rightful/Just Power to deprive or interfere with another’s Rightfully prescribed or recommended medical treatment, as is indicated by their Physician, nor to force any cognizant person to receive any form of medical or psychological treatment.

At all times, the detained, imprisoned, or an inmate/patient, shall be entitled to be provided with safe conditions and a hygienic environment.

Persons in custody have the unalienable right to access all of their doctor recommended or practitioner prescribed medicines, including but not limited to any herb, fungus, bacterium, and preparation thereof. Court orders cannot rightfully interfere with a doctor's recommendation or a provider's prescription, but a person may voluntarily decide to decline a doctor's or provider's orders.

No Person shall, either before, during, or after trial, be held incommunicado. This shall also extend in part to their right of habeas corpus, that they be presented in front of the public and have their case be heard in the potential of unjust imprisonment.

Civil and criminal plaintiffs and defendants have the right to adequate, competent, and cooperative legal counsel, including to have such council provided at public expense for indigent individuals, and to have the same be provided at competitive rates by the public body upon consent of those seeking such service in law for those capable of paying. Those being represented have a right to select their representatives according to conscience and [free] choice, in a free state of consciousness.

Trial by jury shall be upheld in all cases of law and equity, including but not limited to in the family courts of each state [if they exist].

The right of a defendant for trial readiness shall not be used as a pretense of pretext to force medicate them, which is always unlawful.

Inmate shall be given a bi-weekly stipend to spend on commissary in addition to a standard kit each week with needed toiletries including but not limited to soap, a comb, natural toothpaste, four (4) meal items, three extra items such as like in cigarettes or rolling tobacco, cannabis, personal batteries, lighters, or cigarette papers, plastic bottles and plastic bottles drinks or plastic canned food [according to security classification for safety of the entire facility and it occupants/residents and inmates].

Law enforcement officers are under the constitutional duty to call a halt to a criminal investigation upon the moment they have baseline evidence necessary to obtain a warrant., unless they have probable cause to believe there are person felonies at or beyond assault, grand theft, or high fraud, or a continuing threat of the same by the suspect.

If the veracity of proving a certain scientific method or technique of evidence collection, Analysis, and/or verification is called into question, irrefutable proof must be furnished supporting the accuracy and failure rate of such method or technique must be demonstrated in a repeatable way, and vetted by an impartial third party outside of Public service summoned to assist the legal and/or civil process.

The Accused retain the right to private or court appointed attorney from the moment a search, detention, or seizure and/or arrest is placed, where police may not speak to the suspect except in minimal ways necessary for security and orderliness of the facility, or to assist the individual in question.

The courts of each and every one of the territories and several States shall be subordinate, to the [Citizen’s] Supreme court of their district, and to Pacifica at large.

Conviction of a defendant in criminal court shall not bar appeal or habeas corpus relief, of them as a defendant, nor suit in civil claims by them as a plaintiff.

No act of Charity or Gift Giving shall qualify anyone/anybody to Absolute or any other dimunished form of immunity from Criminal or Civil liability, however, inactive charity or gift giving does not in itself create a criminal or civil liability except in damages to the recipient or other receivers in line with the theory of culpability, other charity and gift giving is not considered commercial activity and therefore does not fall into the scope of regulateable acts or sanction so long as the gift was lawfully derived.

Probability and statistics alone shall not be considered a compelling form of evidence for conviction of any crime. Probable cause must articulate facts directly tangential to a violation of rights, or in the case of public officials, juries, and militia, a violation of the constitution.

Upon the lawful release of any individual from detention, whether from a county jail, prison, penal institution, or mental health asylum within Pacifica or the several states, that person shall cease to be an inmate and shall be restored to full liberty without delay, and it shall be the duty of the Sheriff and the Sheriff’s Deputies to prepare the person for discharge, permit the person, at the person’s election, to consume the last available meal of the day provided through the sheriff’s station or the institution’s kitchen before departure, or to be discharged immediately upon request, and, at the moment of release, to ensure that all lawful personal belongings, earned wages for labor performed, and official discharge documents are delivered in full. In addition to such property and papers, the releasee shall be furnished with a tactical-style outdoorsman knife, a utility pocket knife, and the releasee’s choice of one fully functional firearm, either a pistol, shotgun, carbine, or rifle, together with such magazines, clips, belts, straps, holsters, and other accessories as are reasonably necessary to support lawful possession and use, all to be selected or approved by the Sheriff within the budgetary limits established by the State or its People. The releasee shall also be supplied with a quantity of matching ammunition sufficient for three days of peaceable journey, lawful hunting, self-defense, and the defense of others along the trails and public ways leading to the releasee’s home or other destination, and shall, upon request and when reasonably available, receive pepper spray or bear mace, electro-muscular disruptors or stun devices, and a three-day supply of first-aid materials. The releasee shall further be provided with consumable victuals, herb and spice rations, mineralized salt, filtered spring water or distilled water in a suitable sealed container, iodine tablets, gravity-fed filtration means, a mess kit, cannabis provisions, pipes, papers, refillable lighters, and sufficient fuel to fully refill such lighters multiple times. The releasee shall likewise be provided with reasonable means of transportation, either by payment of three days’ fare for carriage, locomotive, automobile, or other vehicular transit, or by direct provision of a conveyance the releasee may keep, including but not limited to a horse, ass, bicycle, or boat, whether paddle-powered or motorized. The releasee shall be discharged with a sum of one-tenth troy ounce of 24-karat gold bullion, one troy ounce of .999 fine silver bullion, and twelve troy ounces of pure copper rounds, and, where applicable, with any commodity the releasee voluntarily elects to exchange at full value for representative notes or stable-coin deposits into protected BitCommodity wallet accounts usable through designated Federal Treasury Bank ATM systems. Where reasonably possible, the releasee shall be offered suitable means to carry personal property, including a backpack, a load-bearing vest, lighting, medical tools, navigation instruments, emergency equipment, clothing, footwear, protective garments, sleeping gear, shelter, tools, cordage, cooking equipment, hygiene supplies, writing instruments, and communication devices, together with a two-week supply of any necessary but voluntary medications and supplements for the releasee’s medical, dental, visual, and psychological health, and, upon release, the Sheriff or an authorized Deputy shall clearly state to the releasee, “You are free to go and may forever more be free. We say all this because we are the government [!], and we are here to help!”

Convicted criminals shall not have their liberty restricted except so far as is necessary for the protection of others [whom are non-aggressors], nor their lawfully derived property seized, except so far as it is necessary to make restitution to the victim and/or to pay the costs of the criminal’s capture, trial, and housing, or, if it was procured through, or is the gains from, criminal activity or enterprise, but only in the case that they are convicted of a crime through due process of law, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve in a court of law of proper jurisdiction. Limitations or restrictions on the exercise of any of a Person’s rights can only be lawfully enacted and enforced if the Individual is currently [lawfully] incarcerated, on parole or probation, or is subject to a court order restricting specific rights or their modalities for the protection of others [whom are non-aggressors].

[]
All confined persons, whether held for psychiatric treatment or criminal confinement, shall retain their inherent human dignity, individual autonomy, and full measure of rights except where a restriction is demonstrably necessary, narrowly tailored, and supported by a specific clinical, custodial, or security justification, and the default rule shall be liberty rather than institutional control. Every confined person shall have a constitutional right to participate, through a democratic and participatory process, in the planning, scheduling, administration, and fair distribution of unit activities and shared resources, and the institution shall maintain regular meetings between residents and staff for the purpose of developing and revising an activity plan that is orderly, transparent, therapeutically or developmentally appropriate, and safe. Every confined person shall have access, as reasonably available, to a broad range of lawful recreational, educational, social, restorative, and health-promoting activities, including exercise, physical recreation, music listening or making/mixing/mashing, education, home economics, cooking groups, structured leisure, video games, shared movies, shared television time, radio, computer time, and other approved individual or group activities, including private sensory-room or equivalent individualized sessions when clinically or operationally appropriate. The institution shall maintain an advance sign-up system for approved activities, and confined persons shall have the right to reserve slots up to ten days in advance, with the list administered by a designated staff member and subject to supervisory approval in accordance with a democratically developed unit agreement. Access to shared activities and equipment shall be allocated fairly in proportion to the population served by each unit, and no person shall be favored or disfavored on the basis of conformity, social proximity to staff, perceived cooperativeness, or informal status. No confined person shall be coerced into participating in any activity, nor punished, stigmatized, or subjected to adverse documentation for declining, requesting, or pursuing a lawful therapeutic or recreational activity, provided the conduct remains reasonable and non-disruptive. Clinical notes, disciplinary processes, and institutional records shall not be used as instruments of retaliation, compulsion, or behavioral punishment, but only for legitimate clinical, custodial, and safety/security purposes. No confined person shall be subjected to collective punishment, generalized sanctions, or group-based retaliation for the conduct, dispute, complaint, or alleged misconduct of any other individual, and accountability shall remain strictly personal, not collective, except to the extent that a specific and individualized security necessity plainly requires otherwise. Any limitation, postponement, or suspension of an activity shall be individualized, temporary, and no broader than necessary to address a concrete risk to safety, security, or orderly administration, and temporary staffing shortages may justify restriction only when they are genuine, documented, and not employed as a recurring pretext for denying ordinary liberties. Every confined person shall have the right to assert grievances, challenge restrictions, complain about staff conduct, and seek review of denials or retaliation without reprisal, and the institution shall provide a prompt, neutral, and meaningful review process for such claims. This Provision shall be construed in favor of individual liberty, equal treatment, free exercise of ordinary human behavior, and the least possible institutional interference compatible with legitimate safety and security requirements.
[]

Felons or Misdemeanants, upon completion of their sentence, and the mentally ill, upon completion of the term of their Civil Commitment, are to be fully respected in all of their rights/immunities, and restored in all privileges they had priorly without then having impact of their prior criminal history prejudice their present and future from there;-[and] No law shall bar a Person from the exercise and enjoyment of their rights because of a prior conviction or commitment on account of the nature from which such criminal or civil action was undertook, but in a manner which is according to this provision, they shall no longer be laid to bar for the rights/immunities or privileges which may have come into question based on their Prior Criminal or Mental Health history or condition. This provision may not be abrogated by any amendment as it is a core republican virtue that Felons, Misdemeanants, and the Mentally Ill are still a part of the People from which they came; and no usurpation of their rights, including to physical and mental autonomy, shall ever then have force or affect and effect of law, no matter what. Any limitation of rights while serving for criminal action or civil ruling must be individually weighed and passed down, and all such limitations are challengeable on the grounds that they are not necessary to affect and effect the interests of the constitutionally directed needs of "the State".

Neither Pacifica nor any state shall deprive any organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity of property, without first showing by irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence that the entity has or intended to deny or intended to deprive the equal right/s of another Person or other Persons, and only through due process of law, non-absentia, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve; nor deny any organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity the equal protection of laws applicable to other organizations, institutions, businesses, companies, firms, corporations, or other artificial entities similarly situated.

There shall be no imprisonment for debt, except in case of fraud or absconding debtors.

A Person shall not be determined to be an unprivileged enemy belligerent or be detained without fair trial by an impartial jury; no Individual may be detained under criminal charges without fair trial by impartial jury, under the third Geneva Convention’s Articles relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, who are determined as Individuals hostile against Pacifica or its coalition partners in which an Individual has engaged, or which the Individual has purposely and materially supported, are subjects consistent with the law of war, and any authorization for the use of military force provided by Congress, pertaining to such hostilities.

No Person shall be detained or interrogated by any Agent of the Pacifican or several state Public Administration outside the jurisdiction of Pacifica or their State.

Inmates in jail or prison shall have medical, psychological, and educational services available to them under the inmate’s consent. The Government may at its or the People’s discretion, require by law all inmates to take a natural rights, natural justice, and civil government educational training course for up to eight hours each day, five days a week, with no pay or other form of compensation nor waiver or other benefit provided, except as a part of their progress to benchmarking for their rehabilitative programme.

All prisons and asylums will have fresh warm liver available to inmates in their cell at all times [unless denied], though they may not need to replace the liver until it is no longer edible, and microwave-ovens may be added to cells to prolong warmth of the liver if there is not a proven security or safety risk or undue likelyhood of unreasonable damage beyond normal wear-and-tear to the supplied equipment.

Inmates may request sexual expression supplies such as rubber-chickens, flashlights, or phallic/[smooth]-shaft-like objects, suitable hypoallergenic condoms and/or gloves, sufficient lubricant, maximum-strength hand sanitizer, and appropriate salad dressing and/or hot-sauce or jelly and/or peanut butter and/or syrup and/or creamer/half-n-half, as well as a handkerchief and/or blindfold, in addition to a single cigarette and a light/warmth-source/fire-lick per personal intimate session, with instant coffee available at cost.

Inmates in jail or prison shall have available to them a library of law provided by the State or Federal warden institution and among the documents available to them shall be the constitutions and Laws of the world and across history.

No private warden institution may manage inmates nor open a prison-mate labor camp. Management of inmates and prison institutions are turned over to the Individual powers of the Union or the States, respectively. Management of inmates and prison institutions by the States must be run in a not-for-revenue fashion.

Detainment camps/centers for those non-citizens who have been charged through due process with violating the laws of the Union, or for those who are captured enemies of war, are permissible, so long as their operation does not violate the human rights of the detained, nor violate this Constitution and the rights guaranteed therein. Internment and concentration camps/centers are specifically prohibited.

It shall be a right of the convicted to call evidence and witnesses into court which may exonerate them of the allegation/s or criminal conviction/s against them, and if they prevail, to be repaid for the value for time lost and suffering, as is already the case for imprisonment in error, not to be less than the same value of a living wage for 24-Hour period each day, and for which trauma the value of compensation shall be decided by a civil jury.

All punitive measures must be specifically tailored in their punishment for the offender and crime which they have committed, crafted to achieve the most efficient and effective protection to the public while being the least restrictive to the convicted.

Contrition by malnutrition or use of foul foods as meals is strictly prohibited and a criminal offense against the prisoner. Foods and meals must be wholesome, nutritious, balanced, and complete. Wardens cannot prohibit foods like garlic which can have a strong smell, or fruit which may be fermented as contraband.

We the Citizens of Pacifica re-affirm that after the convicted serve their sentence, they have paid their dues to society and upon their release should be fully restored in all of their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees along with their naturally acquired [just] powers and capacities, as secured under this Constitution, and to which privileges they are still eligible for, and not to be excluded from them on account or basis of their legal history/record; We the People re-emphasize that if a criminal is determined to not yet be ready for release and re-integration into society, then they have not yet finished serving their sentence;-And Furthermore, after a criminal is determined to have paid back their debt to society, that they shall no longer be discriminated against [by or through law] for any previous wrongdoing, and shall be offered the same civil governmental protections as all other free/d People of Pacifica. If in the case of significant doubt as to how long to sentence a particular Individual, we the People advise the application of indeterminate sentences upon them, whose end is based para-metrically upon successful rehabilitation of the Convicted, to which shall mean their capacity to re-integrate successfully back into society [without the risk of them re-offending for the same crimes of which they have been convicted], as well as there being provided measurable and demonstrable evidence to support this conclusion. We the people of Pacifica fully condemn any and all catch and release policies for convicted criminals (particularly for felons). In all cases of release of an inmate from imprisonment, the warden with the duty of issuing the discharge has the legally binding duty to check to see if such a release has been determined by the courts to be proper.

In all cases, excessive bail shall not be required, or excessive fines be imposed, neither excessive terms of incarceration, or any other excessive form of criminal punishment, nor any torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing/demoralizing/dehumanizing, or unusual treatments or punishments be inflicted.

There shall be proportionality of a punishment for a crime, in the forfeiture of property for the magnitude of a felony, and in the fines for both felonies and misdemeanors, weighing on an individual basis given the facts and circumstances under which a crime took place, fitting a specific punishment to serve the needs of the community for protection against recidivism while at the same time without applying excessive punishment, to achieve reasonable outcomes for the equal interests of both the convicted and their victims.

Any person who sues another person or corporation for civil damages or tort, and loses the case, and upon appeal shall lose, and exhaust all of their remedies under Citizen Review actions, shall be compelled to pay ALL legal costs and court costs and other ancillary costs to the winning party.

Any Act, Omission, or Evidence produced or taken, in direct response or resistance, during or after a violation of One’s or Another’s Natural, Common Law, Statutory, or Constitutional Rights, is inadmissible in court, in order to preserve the integrity of both the Cause/s (“Water”) & Product/s (“Tree”) of Liberty & Justice; This rule protects Persons, inside and outside their Domicile & Lands, therefore, someone who correctly believes their rights are being violated may Justifiably respond with Unlimited Force & furthermore remain immunized from criminal responsibility for any action/omission or Evidence taken/produced in direct response to such offense against them, as long as they do not violate the rights of another Person.

Any Order issued or Power exercised which stems from or is the Product of any erroneous or Illegal/Unlawful action or omission of a member of the Public Body, or those acting in concert with them, of which violates the constitution, is per se unreasonable and unlawful in itself, thereby being invalid on its face, as well as having no legal authority or power.

In adherence to the state of one’s mind under Mens Inquisitio, the State Apparatus shall not subjugate an Individual’s right of fair inquiry to a publicly open business or [a] firm/s, or for that of other legal or otherwise artificial entit[y]/ies; No person shall be convicted from actions partook under fair purpose Mens Inquisitio for the publicly accessible services of a business or firm or other legal entity. Such defense enables a seeker of services or relevant information to justly inquire about the publicly-open property sub-state contract, without delay to prompt honest reply and forthcoming presentation of the contract upon consent of the owner, otherwise the ingresor must promptly leave the way they came or to the shortest distance to the public ways around relevant obstructions, whichever may be most proper.

Private citizens may forcefully resist and even escape, damage/kill, along with sue, any States, Counties, Cities, Jails, Prisons, Mental Wards, Officers, Staff, or anyone else who facilitates an unlawful detention or unlawful arrest, false imprisonment, or who issues an order or creates a law which infringes on any of the rights of Persons or a Citizen of Pacifica, regardless of if excessive force is used to enforce such violations of freedom/liberty, and a Person’s fellow countrymen have the right to assist them in resisting and/or escaping such an unlawful detention or arrest, false imprisonment, or unjust order.

Social security and/or universal basic income and dividends benefits shall continue to flow even at a time of a person's incarceration or incapacitation, such as jail or hospital time.

Persons have the right to an automatic order of remuneration for legal costs incurred in defense against a civil or criminal action which did not prevail against them.

The people are assured the ancient common law right to Writs of Coram Nobis, and to access post-conviction relief for any point of law or fact which may impair the impartiality of their trial, affect any of their due process rights, or which exculpt them of actual guilt and otherwise establish their innocence.

SECTION. 10.5.

Pacifica shall institute a National Domestic Abuse Offender Registry throughout the several States to shield vulnerable individuals from habitual perpetrators via public disclosure and centralized national coordination; "domestic abuse violation" encompasses convictions for conduct inflicting bodily harm, confinement or immobilization, destruction of property, unlawful detention, abduction, harassment through persistent pursuit or reprisals against the victim's allies [whether kin, companions, or advocates] directed at familial or household associates, romantic companions, or susceptible parties such as the aged or impaired; a "habitual violator" denotes an individual found guilty of such a violation alongside at least one antecedent adjudication of the same; each Pacifican State’s Bureau of Investigation must oversee a publicly accessible web-based scrape-able repository detailing habitual violators' identities, photographs, birthdates, municipal abodes, digitized fingerprint records, adjudication timelines and jurisdictions, plus violation narratives, with courts automatically notifying the state Bureau upon eligible post-enactment adjudications paired with antecedents, obligating culprits to report personally within ten days with non-adherence triggering monetary sanctions or prolonged inscription; inscription terms escalate thus: five years for one antecedent, seven for two, ten for three, twenty for four or more, commencing from the most recent adjudication; eligible infractions span bodily restraint or harm via battery or assault, confinement via unlawful detention, intimidation-linked asset ruin, domineering tactics like seclusion, surveillance, or fiscal constriction inducing fear, pursuit-based harassment or abduction within intimate spheres, and vengeful acts targeting victim supporters to deter aid or isolate [including through 'dounle-teamers' or extra party/ies; initial infractions shall merit inclusion, with severity of punishments prioritizing recidivists imperiling the defenseless; the National Executive shall direct liaison with Pacifica’s federal authorities to forge a unified trans-state repository, disseminating state records while upholding confidentiality of victims personally identifyable information; entered information shall be restricted to constables, aggrieved parties, and general inquiries excluding complete domiciles or identity numerals; yearly reviews gshall uarantee procedural equity, permitting expungement petitions post-term via redemption evidence; inscription by law may influence vocational and residential vetting; breaches shall levy misdemeanor castigation; absent any prior national equivalent, Pacifica must pioneer exemplary linkage for cross-state monitoring among the sovereign jurisdictions within in.

Pacifica shall institute a National Child Cruelty Register throughout the several States to shield kids, wards, and minors from recurrent perpetrators of cruelty through coordinated oversight, recordation, and controlled disclosure; “child cruelty offence” encompasses convictions for neglect, abandonment, physical or psychological abuse, infanticide, willful endangerment, malnourishment, exposure, or allowance of grievous harm or death to a child under one’s dominion or care, whether by direct act or culpable omission; a “recurrent offender” denotes an individual found guilty of such an offence in conjunction with one or more antecedent convictions of like nature; each State’s Bureau of Investigation shall maintain a secured and uniformly formatted repository enumerating the recurrent offender’s name, likeness, birthdate, municipality of residence, identifying characteristics plainly articulable by a Person without technological qualification/quantification, adjudication record, and offence synopsis, the courts being bound to transmit notice of qualifying adjudications to their respective Bureaus within seven days of sentencing, compelling offenders to register personally within ten, failure to comply incurring pecuniary penalties or automatic extension of inscription; inscription terms shall ascend by gravity and recurrence, being five years for one antecedent conviction, ten for two, fifteen for three, and permanent for four or more, each term commencing upon the most recent adjudication; eligible infractions include cruelty, neglect, abandonment, infanticide, and any act or omission causing a child’s severe suffering or death; initial infractions shall merit inscription for preventive observation, with intensity of sanctions amplifying with repetition and danger posed to the defenseless; the National Executive shall coordinate liaison between the several States and the Federal Department of Justice to ensure unified data interchange and interjurisdictional recognition, disseminating registry information to constables, social protection agencies, and approved childcare institutions while shielding victims’ personal identifiers from all public display; registry content shall be accessible for lawful vetting in employment, adoption, and caregiving contexts, the misuse or unauthorized disclosure constituting a misdemeanor punishable by fine and removal of access; annual reviews shall guarantee procedural fairness and afford offenders petition for expungement upon demonstrated rehabilitation; in absence of any prior unified framework, this act shall establish Pacifica as the standard bearer for national guardianship of the young through interlinked recordkeeping and cooperative sovereignty among its constituent jurisdictions.

Pacifica shall institute a National Sex Offender Registry across the several States to shield vulnerable individuals from habitual predators via public disclosure and centralized national coordination; "sex offense violation" encompasses convictions for conduct involving sexual penetration without consent, sexual contact with minors or incapacitated persons, production or distribution of child sexual abuse material, enticement or solicitation of juveniles, sexual exploitation of vulnerable parties such as the aged or impaired, patterns of grooming or manipulative predation that ensnare victims, or harassment through persistent sexual pursuit, whether kin, companions, or advocates, directed at familial or household associates, romantic companions under age of consent, or susceptible parties; a "habitual violator" denotes an individual found guilty of such a violation of at least one adjudication; each Pacifican State’s Bureau of Investigation must oversee a publicly accessible web-based scrape-able repository detailing violators' identities, photographs, birthdates, municipal abodes, digital fingerprint records, adjudication timelines and jurisdictions, plus violation narratives, with courts automatically notifying the state Bureau upon eligible post-enactment adjudications paired with antecedents, obligating culprits to report personally within ten days with nonadherence triggering monetary sanctions or prolonged inscription; inscription terms escalate thus: five years for one offense, seven for two, ten for three, twenty for four or more, commencing from the most recent adjudication; eligible infractions span nonconsensual penetration via rape or aggravated assault, improper contact with protected classes, intimidation-linked exploitation, domineering tactics like grooming, surveillance, or fiscal constriction inducing sexual submission, and pursuit-based harassment or abduction for sexual purposes within intimate spheres; initial infractions merit inclusion, prioritizing punishment of recidivists imperiling the defenseless; the National Executive shall direct liaison with Pacifica’s federal authorities to forge a unified trans-state repository, disseminating state records while upholding confidentiality; entry restricted to constables, aggrieved parties, and general inquiries excluding complete domiciles or identity numerals; yearly reviews guarantee procedural equity, permitting expungement petitions post-term via redemption evidence; inscription influences vocational and residential vetting; breaches levy misdemeanor castigation; absent any prior national equivalent, Pacifica must pioneer exemplary linkage for cross-state monitoring among its sovereign jurisdictions.

SECTION. 11.

Whoever, knowing that an offense against Pacifica has been committed, receives, relieves, comforts or assists the offender in order to hinder or prevent their apprehension, trial, or punishment, is an accessory after the fact. Except as otherwise expressly provided by any Act of Congress, an accessory after the fact shall be fined not more than one-half the maximum fine prescribed for the punishment of the principal or imprisoned not more than one-half the maximum term of imprisonment, or both; or if the principal is punishable by life imprisonment, the accessory shall be imprisoned not more than fifteen years.

Whoever willfully endeavors by means of bribery, coercion, or commandeering, to obstruct, delay, or prevent the communication of information relating to a violation of any [just] criminal statute of Pacifica by any person to a criminal investigator shall be fined or imprisoned, or both.

SECTION. 12.

No person or group of persons, whether acting privately or under color of law, shall conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, intimidate, or deprive any individual within Pacifica, or any place subject to its jurisdiction, of any right, privilege, or immunity secured by this Constitution or the laws enacted under its authority. Any act, whether by private individuals or by those acting under authority of law, that willfully deprives any person of such rights, privileges, or immunities, or subjects any person to unequal treatment, punishment, or penalty on account of race, color, nationality, or for having exercised constitutional rights, is prohibited. Congress and the several States shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation, including the establishment of penalties and remedies for violations

Whomever, under color of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, willfully or through gross negligence subjects any Person in any State, Territory, Commonwealth, Possession, or District to the deprivation of any rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees, secured or protected by the Constitution or laws of the Pacifica, or to different punishments, pains, or penalties, on account of such person being an alien, or by reason of his color, or race, than are prescribed for the punishment of citizens, shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not less than one year; and if bodily injury results from the acts committed in violation of this section or if such acts include the use, attempted use, or threatened use of a dangerous weapon, explosives, or fire, shall be fined under this title and imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and if death results from the acts committed in violation of this section, or if such acts include kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, aggravated sexual abuse, or an attempt to commit aggravated sexual abuse, or an attempt to kill, shall be fined under this Provision and executed in an appropriate manner as prescribed by law.

Every person who, under color of any statute, ordinance, regulation, custom, or usage, of any State or Territory or the Federal District of Olympus, Citizens, or causes to be subjected, any citizen of Pacifica or other person within the jurisdiction thereof to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured by the Constitution and laws, shall be liable to the party injured in an action at law, suit in equity, or other proper proceeding for redress, except that in any action brought against a judicial officer for an act or omission taken in such officer’s judicial capacity, injunctive relief shall not be granted unless a declaratory decree was violated or declaratory relief was unavailable. For the purposes of this Provision, any Act of Congress applicable exclusively to the Federal District of Olympus shall be considered to be a statute of the Federal District of Olympus.

If two or more persons conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, or intimidate any person in any State, Territory, Commonwealth, Possession, or District in the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him by the Constitution or laws of Pacifica, or because of his having so exercised the same; or if two or more persons go in disguise on the highway, or on the premises of another, with intent to prevent or hinder his free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege so secured; They shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both; and if death results from the acts committed in violation of this section or if such acts include kidnapping or an attempt to kidnap, aggravated sexual abuse or an attempt to commit aggravated sexual abuse, or an attempt to kill, they shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both.

(a) If two or more persons in any State or Territory conspire to prevent, by force, intimidation, or threat, any person from accepting or holding any office, trust, or place of confidence under Pacifica, or from discharging any duties thereof; or to induce by like means any officer of Pacifica to leave any State, district, or place, where his duties as an officer are required to be performed, or to injure him in his person or property on account of his lawful discharge of the duties of his office, or while engaged in the lawful discharge thereof, or to injure his property so as to molest, interrupt, hinder, or impede him in the discharge of his official duties;
(b) If two or more persons in any State or Territory conspire to deter, by force, intimidation, or threat, any party or witness in any court of Pacifica from attending such court, or from testifying to any matter pending therein, freely, fully, and truthfully, or to injure such party or witness in his person or property on account of his having so attended or testified, or to influence the verdict, presentment, or indictment of any grand or petit juror in any such court, or to injure such juror in his person or property on account of any verdict, presentment, or indictment lawfully assented to by him, or of his being or having been such juror; or if two or more persons conspire for the purpose of impeding, hindering, obstructing, or defeating, in any manner, the due course of justice in any State or Territory, with intent to deny to any citizen the equal protection of the laws, or to injure him or his property for lawfully enforcing, or attempting to enforce, the right of any person, or class of persons, to the equal protection of the laws;
(c) If two or more persons in any State or Territory conspire or go in disguise on the highway or on the premises of another, for the purpose of depriving, either directly or indirectly, any person or class of persons of the equal protection of the laws, or of equal privileges and immunities under the laws; or for the purpose of preventing or hindering the constituted authorities of any State or Territory from giving or securing to all persons within such State or Territory the equal protection of the laws; or if two or more persons conspire to prevent by force, intimidation, or threat, any citizen who is lawfully entitled to vote, from giving his support or advocacy in a legal manner, toward or in favor of the election of any lawfully qualified person as an elector for President or Vice President, or as a Member of Congress of Pacifica; or to injure any citizen in person or property on account of such support or advocacy;
(d) in any case of conspiracy set forth in this section, if one or more persons engaged therein do, or cause to be done, any act in furtherance of the object of such conspiracy, whereby another is injured in his person or property, or deprived of having and exercising any right or privilege of a citizen of the Pacifica, the party so injured or deprived may have an action for the recovery of damages occasioned by such injury or deprivation, against any one or more of the conspirators.

Whomever choseth to or perpetueth about the subjugation of any other Person through abuse in the processes of [civil] governance, whereby having no right to engage the machinery of government for their ends, in demonstration of their malice through their attentive busybody efforts with intention to hold for ransom, harassment, intimidation, or coercion, or any combination thereof against the subjected party, through initiation under false pretenses either or both the civil and/or criminal process, then they shall be sentenced and/or laid to re-compensate for the same as if they themself had performed the injurious actions by having no right, even if their actions were performed through proxy of law enforcement or another acting on their behalf or to their benefit; and for the case of conspiracy where there is more than one levying against their fellow person, the total number of them shall be held independently to the multiple of the charge as measured by an average standard term of years and individually each time decided monetary recompense for damages as per suit, as does constitute such a factor by the whole number of persons involved.

Any ‘state actor’ who violates somebodies constitutional rights “shall be liable” to the party injured somebody who violates the constitution or established law

SECTION. 13.

Whoever, except in cases and under circumstances expressly authorized by the Constitution, or Act of Congress in conformity thereto, willfully uses any part of the Armed Forces (other than the Militia), of Pacifica, along with that of any State, Locality, or Territory, as a Posse Comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws, except in the cases and in such manner as strictly laid forth by this constitution, is guilty of committing a felony and shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this provision; and shall be incapable of holding any office under Pacifica; any military personnel violating this protection of the people against shall be punished in the same manner as those who issue the directives to them, and it is their duty to question, resist, and depose those in command who violate this provision in accordance with the laws of military justice as laid down by Congress. The use of military forces in law enforcement roles shall be strictly limited to preserve the civil liberties, autonomy and free ingress/regress of the People, and the separation of civilian authority from military power. The primary purpose of the Armed Forces is to protect and defend Pacifica and its People from invasion and attack, not to be deployed as a utilitarian agency to act as an extension of public office, or any branch of Government other than what it is narrowly defined here in this Constitution; The secondary purpose is disaster mitigation and response to a State or National Emergency, with consent of the Gubernor or Legislature of each State involved in the declared Emergency by both the Executive of the State and the Federal branches of government, in accordance to both the Constitution of Pacifica and the State/s in question, not to the exclusion of protection for Territories voluntarily consented to entering the Jurisdictional Powers and Agreements of Responsibility of and to Pacifica and We the People.

All Members and Agents of the Public Administration convicted of the criminal offense of acting in breach of the Constitution or of any law relevant to the position held shall cease to hold their current positions and shall no longer be eligible to hold any public office or to be employed by the Public Administration.

SECTION. 14.

The law of trusts as of the date of ratification of this Constitution is hereby recognized as part of the laws that preceded this Constitution and was incorporated into it. The settlor, trustee, beneficiary, and the trust itself shall each be deemed as distinct Persons in any court of law of Pacifica and any State, the trust represented therein by the trustee.

Any claim against a non-Person must specify an owner, even if it is initially an unknown owner, and the last possessor shall be presumed the owner unless title to another is proved. No asset shall be forfeited except to pay a lawful fine, imposed by verdict of a jury, by selling at public auction.

SECTION. 15.

Habeas corpus shall be provided in front of a citizen’s court. The people shall retain the right to determination of habeas corpus proceedings by a jury of their peers acting in the function of a citizen's court.

Congress shall have the power to enumerate, promote, and protect the right of Habeas Corpus beyond what is set forth by this Constitution, within the limits prescribed by it, all immunities of the People [generally and globally] and occupant persons on Pacifican soil applied

Even terrorists and belligerent enemy combatants shall retain the right of Habeas Corpus.

By and through the advice and consent of the Pacifican commons, with this present constitution ratified, and by the authority thereof, That whensoever any person or persons shall bring any habeas corpus directed unto any sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler, administrator, or other person whatsoever, for any person in his or her custody, and the said writ shall be served upon the said officer, or left at the gaol or prison with any of the under-officers, under-keepers or deputy of the said officers or keepers, that the said officer or officers, his or their under-officers, under-keepers or deputies, shall within three days after the service thereof as aforesaid (unless the commitment aforesaid were for treason or high felony, plainly and specially expressed in the warrant of commitment) upon payment or tender of the charges of bringing the said prisoner, to be ascertained by the judge or court that awarded the same, and endorsed upon the said writ, not exceeding twelve pence per mile, and upon security given by his own bond to pay the charges of carrying back the prisoner, if he shall be remanded by the court or judge to which he shall be brought according to the true intent of this present act, and that he will not make any escape by the way, make return of such writ; (3) and bring or cause to be brought the body of the party so committed or restrained, unto or before the Chancellor of Justice, or the judges or millitia of the said court from whence the said writ shall issue, or unto and before such other person or persons before whom the said writ is made returnable, according to the command thereof; (4) and shall then likewise certify the true causes of his detainer or imprisonment, unless the commitment of the said party be in any place beyond the distance of thirty-two-point-two kilo-meters from the place or places where such court or person is or shall be residing; and if beyond the distance of sixty kilo-meters, and not above one-hundred-eighty kilo-meters, then within the space of ten days, and if beyond the distance of three hundred kilo-meters, then within the space of twenty days, after such delivery aforesaid, and not longer.

In the intent that no sheriff, gaoler or other officer may pretend ignorance of the import of any such writ; (2) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such writs shall be marked in this manner, "Habeus corpus in respect to and pursuing remedy by Lady of Supreme Justice in the light and spirit of the Ghost of Liberty" and shall be signed by the person that awards the same; (3) and if any person or persons shall be or stand committed or detained as aforesaid, for any crime, unless for treason plainly expressed in the warrant of commitment, in the vacation-time, and out of term, it shall and may be lawful to and for the person or persons so committed or detained (other than persons convict or in execution by legal process) or any one on his or their behalf, to appeal or complain to the Chancellor of Justice, or any one of the competent justices, either of the one bench or of the other, or the militia of the exchequer of the degree of the coif; (4) and the said Chancellor of Justice, justices or militia or any of them, upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of commitment and detainer, or otherwise upon oath made that such copy or copies were denied to be given by such person or persons in whose custody the prisoner or prisoners is or are detained, are hereby authorized and required, upon request made in writing by such person or persons, or any on his, her or their behalf, attested and subscribed by two witnesses who were present at the delivery of the same, to award and grant an habeas corpus under the seal of such court whereof he shall then be one of the judges, (5) to be directed to the officer or officers in whose custody the party so committed or detained shall be, returnable immediate before the said Chancellor of Justice, or such justice, minuteman or any other justice or minuteman of the degree of the coif of any of the said courts; (6) and upon service thereof as aforesaid, the officer or officers, his or their under-officer or under-officers, under-keeper or under-keepers, or their deputy, in whose custody the party is so committed or detained, shall within the times respectively before limited, bring such prisoner or prisoners before the said Chancellor of Justice, or such justices, militia or one of them, before whom the said writ is made returnable, and in case of his absence before any other of them, with the return of such writ, and the true causes of the commitment and detainer; (7) and thereupon within two days after the party shall be brought before them, the said Chancellor of Justice, or such justice or minuteman before whom the prisoner shall be brought as aforesaid, shall discharge the said prisoner from his imprisonment, taking his or their recognizance, with one or more surety or sureties, in any sum according to their discretions, having regard to the quality of the prisoner and nature of the offense, for his or their appearance in the court of competent jurisdiction the term following, or at the next assizes, sessions or general gaol-delivery of and for such county, city or place where the commitment was, or where the offence was committed, or in such other court where the said offense is properly cognizable, as the case shall require, and then shall certify the said writ with the return thereof, and the said recognizance or recognizances into the said court where such appearance is to be made; (8) unless it shall appear unto the said Chancellor of Justice, or justice or justices, or minuteman or militia, that the party so committed is detained upon a legal process, order or warrant, out of some court that hath jurisdiction of criminal matters, or by some warrant signed and sealed with the hand and seal of any of the said justices or militia, or some justice or justices of the peace, for such matters or offenses for the which by the law the prisoner is not bailable.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person shall have wilfully neglected by the space of two whole terms after his imprisonment, to pray a habeas corpus for his enlargement, such person so wilfully neglecting shall not have any habeas corpus to be granted in vacation-time, in pursuance of this Section.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers, his or their under-officer or under-officers, under-keeper or under-keepers, or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to make the returns aforesaid, or to bring the body or bodies of the prisoner or prisoners according to the command of the said writ, within the respective times aforesaid, or upon demand made by the prisoner or person in his behalf, shall refuse to deliver, or within the space of six hours after demand shall not deliver, to the person so demanding, a true copy of the warrant or warrants of commitment and detainer of such prisoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly, all and every the head gaolers and keepers of such prisons, and such other person in whose custody the prisoner shall be detained, shall for the first offense forfeit to the prisoner or party grieved the sum of one hundred silver dollars; (2) and for the second offense the sum of two hundred silver dollars and shall and is hereby made incapable to hold or execute his said office; (3) the said penalties to be recovered by the prisoner or party grieved, his executors or administrators, against such offender, his executors or administrators, by any action of debt, suit, bill, plaint or information, in any of the competent courts of their jurisdiction, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, injunction, wager of law, or stay of prosecution by Non vult ulterius prosequi, or otherwise, shall be admitted or allowed, or any more than one imparlance; (4) and any recovery or judgment at the suit of any party grieved, shall be a sufficient conviction for the first offence; and any after recovery or judgment at the suit of a party grieved for any offence after the first judgment, shall be a sufficient conviction to bring the officers or person within the said penalty for the second offence.

And for the prevention of unjust vexation by reiterated commitments for the same offense; (2) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons which shall be delivered or set at large upon any habeas corpus, shall at any time hereafter be again imprisoned or committed for the same offense by any person or persons whatsoever, other than by the legal order and process of such court wherein he or they shall be bound by recognizance to appear, or other court having jurisdiction of the cause; (3) and if any other person or persons shall knowingly contrary to this act recommit or imprison, or knowingly procure or cause to be recommitted or imprisoned, for the same offense or pretended offense, any person or persons delivered or set at large as aforesaid, or be knowingly aiding or assisting therein, then he or they shall forfeit to the prisoner or party grieved the sum of five hundred silver dollars; any colourable pretense or variation in the warrant or warrants of commitment notwithstanding, to be recovered as aforesaid.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be committed for high treason or felony, plainly and specially expressed in the warrant of commitment, upon his redress or petition in open court the first week of the term, or first day of the sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, to be brought to his trial, shall not be indicted some time in the next term, sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, after such commitment; it shall and may be lawful to and for the judges of the court of the jurisdiction’s bench and justices of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, and they are hereby required, upon motion to them made in open court the last day of the term, sessions or gaol-delivery, either by the prisoner or any one in his behalf, to set at liberty the prisoner upon bail, unless it appear to the judges and justices upon oath made, that the witnesses for the prosecution could not be produced the same term, sessions or general gaol-delivery; (2) and if any person or persons committed as aforesaid, upon his redress or petition in open court the first week of the term or first day of the sessions of oyer and terminer and general gaol-delivery, to be brought to his trial, shall not be indicted and tried the second term, sessions of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, after his commitment, or upon his trial shall be acquitted, he shall be discharged from his imprisonment.

Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to discharge out of prison any person charged in debt, or other action, or with process in any civil cause, but that after he shall be discharged of his imprisonment for such his criminal offense, he shall be kept in custody according to the law, for such other suit.

Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, People of this realm, shall be committed to any prison or in custody of any officer or officers whatsoever, for any criminal or supposed criminal matter, that the said person shall not be removed from the said prison and custody into the custody of any other officer or officers; (2) unless it be by habeas corpus or some other legal writ; or where the prisoner is delivered to the constable or other inferior officer to carry such prisoner to some common gaol; (3) or where any person is sent by order of any judge or assize or justice of the peace, to any common workhouse or house of correction; (4) or where the prisoner is removed from one prison or place to another within the same county, in order to his or her trial or discharge in due course of law; (5) or in case of sudden fire or infection, or other necessity; (6) and if any person or persons shall after such commitment aforesaid make out and sign, or countersign any warrant or warrants for such removal aforesaid, contrary to this act; as well he that makes or signs, or countersigns such warrant or warrants, as the officer or officers that obey or execute the same, shall suffer and incur the pains and forfeitures in this act before mentioned, both for the first and second offence respectively, to be recovered in manner aforesaid by the party grieved.

Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any prisoner and prisoners as aforesaid, to move and obtain his or their habeas corpus as well out of the []high court of chancery or court of exchequer[], as out of the courts of the State benches or common pleas, or either of them; (2) and if the said Chancellor of Justice, or any judge or judges, minuteman or militia for the time being, of the degree of the coif, of any of the courts aforesaid, in the vacation time, upon view of the copy or copies of the warrant or warrants of commitment or detainer, or upon oath made that such copy or copies were denied as aforesaid, shall deny any writ of habeas corpus by this act required to be granted, being moved for as aforesaid, they shall severally forfeit to the prisoner or party grieved the sum of five hundred silver dollars, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

And be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an habeas corpus according to the true intent and meaning of this Section, may be directed and run into any county palatine, the cinque-ports, or other privileged places within the Nation of Pacifica, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the islands of Jersey or Guernsey; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

And for preventing illegal imprisonments in prisons beyond the seas; (2) be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no subject of this realm that now is, or hereafter shall be an inhabitant or resident of this nation and of its several commonwealths, shall or may be sent prisoner into any of its Territories, or into parts, garrisons, islands or places beyond the seas, which are or at any time hereafter shall be within or without the dominions of their Executive; (3) and that every such imprisonment is hereby enacted and adjudged to be illegal; (4) and that if any of the said Citizens now is or hereafter shall be so imprisoned, every such person and persons so imprisoned, shall and may for every such imprisonment maintain by virtue of this Section an action or actions of false imprisonment, in any of the governmental courts of record, against the person or persons by whom he or she shall be so committed, detained, imprisoned, sent prisoner or transported, contrary to the true meaning of this Section, and against all or any person or persons that shall frame, contrive, write, seal or countersign any warrant or writing for such commitment, detainer, imprisonment or transportation, or shall be advising, aiding or assisting, in the same, or any of them; (5) and the plaintiff in every such action shall have judgment to recover his treble costs, besides damages, which damages so to be given, shall not be less than five hundred silver dollars; (6) in which action no delay stay or stop of proceeding by rule, order or command, nor no injunction, protection or privilege whatsoever, nor any more than one imparlance shall be allowed, excepting such rule of the court wherein the action shall depend, made in open court, as shall be thought in justice necessary, for special cause to be expressed in the said rule; (7) and the person or persons who shall knowingly frame, contrive, write, seal or countersign any warrant for such commitment, detainer or transportation, or shall so commit, detain, imprison or transport any person or persons contrary to this act, or be any ways advising, aiding or assisting therein, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be disabled from thenceforth to bear any office of trust or profit within the said realm of Pacifica, or any of the islands, territories or dominions thereunto belonging; (8) and shall incur and sustain the pains, penalties and forfeitures limited, ordained and provided in and by the statute of provision and praemunire made by law in accordance with ex post facto protections; (9) and be incapable of any pardon from their Executives, their successors, of the said forfeitures, losses or disabilities, or any of them.

Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend to give benefit to any person who shall by contract in writing agree with any merchant or owner of any plantation, or other person whatsoever, to be transported to any parts beyond the seas, and receive earnest upon such agreement, although that afterwards such person shall renounce such contract.

Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any person or persons lawfully convicted of any felony, shall in open court pray to be transported beyond the seas, and the court shall think fit to leave him or them in prison for that purpose, such person or persons may be transported into any parts beyond the seas, this act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed, construed or taken, to extend to the imprisonment of any person before the first day of June one thousand six hundred seventy and nine, or to any thing advised, procured, or otherwise done, relating to such imprisonment; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, That if any person or persons at any time resiant in this realm, shall have committed any capital offence in the Territories, or any of the islands, or foreign plantations of the State, his heirs or successors, where he or she ought to be tried for such offense, such person or persons may be sent to such place, there to receive such trial, in such manner as the same might have been used before the making of this Section; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be sued, impleaded, molested, or troubled for any offense against this act, unless the party offending be sued or impleaded for the same within five years at the most after such time wherein the offense shall be committed, in case the party grieved shall not be then in prison; and if he shall be in prison, then within the space of five years after the decease of the person imprisoned, or his or her delivery out of prison, which shall first happen.

And to the intent no person may avoid his trial at the assizes or general gaol-delivery, by procuring his removal before the assizes, at such time as he cannot be brought back to receive his trial there; (2) be it enacted, That after the assizes proclaimed for that county where the prisoner is detained, no person shall be removed from the common gaol upon any habeas corpus granted in pursuance of this Section, but upon any such habeas corpus shall be brought before the judge of assize in open court, who is thereupon to do what to justice shall appertain.

Provided nevertheless, That after the assizes are ended, any person or persons detained, may have his or her habeas corpus according to the direction and intention of this Section.

And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any information, suit or action shall be brought or exhibited against any person or persons for any offence committed or to be committed against the form of this law, it shall be lawful for such defendants to plead the general issue, that they are not guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the same, which matter being pleaded had been good and sufficient matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants against the said information, suit or action, and the said matter shall be then as available to him or them, to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had sufficiently pleaded, set forth or alleged the same matter in bar or discharge of such information suit or action.

And because many times persons charged with petty treason or felony, or as accessories thereunto, are committed upon suspicion only, whereupon they are bailable, or not, according as the circumstances making out that suspicion are more or less weighty, which are best known to the justices of peace that committed the persons, and have the examinations before them, or to other justices of the peace in the county; (2) be it therefore enacted, That where any person shall appear to be committed by any judge or justice of the peace and charged as accessory before the fact, to any petty treason or felony, or upon suspicion thereof, or with suspicion of petty treason or felony, which petty treason or felony shall be plainly and specially expressed in the warrant of commitment, that such person shall not be removed or bailed by virtue of this Section, or in any other manner than they might have been before the making of this Section.

SECTION. 16.

Treason against Pacifica, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort, violating the constitution, politicians passing/ratification of any bill without reading fully in every word before which it shall have passed, those members of the public body convicted of corruption, and acting against the rights of the people. No Person shall be convicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act on Confession in open Court. Felony is included or implied in every treason, and the penalty is death. The Congress shall have Power to declare the type of Capital Punishment/s for Treason, but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted. All members of the public body convicted of violating the Constitution, corruption, and usurping or attacking the rights of the people, shall face the same punishments as are with other forms of treason; Harsh fines, life imprisonment, and other penalties shall be lobbied against the individuals or groups benefiting from their malfeasance.

ARTICLE VIII

SECTION. 1.

All members of the public body who witness or have knowledge of any misconduct, crime, or corruption, regardless of its seriousness, are obligated to intervene according to rules defined by the State Legislature, by at minimum alerting the appropriate authority as soon as possible, consistent with applicable rules; Confidentiality must be ensured for any member of the public body who supplies information about any misconduct, crime, or corruption and desires confidentiality, but not to the detriment of the accused’s right to have a public and speedy case and fair trial, and to confront their accuser and the other witnesses against them in the presence and with the assistance of their attorney; Any member of the public body who fails to report misconduct, crime, or corruption they have witnessed or have knowledge of to the appropriate authority, upon the discovery of this fact, the Individual who had committed the criminal act in question, if known, will be brought before the appropriate authority, and the Individual who withheld such information shall be subject to disciplinary action; Members of the public body shall be subject to immediate un-revocable termination of their official authority and duty as well as employment for not reporting criminal acts, and as appropriately determined by the judiciary, may potentially be subject to additional fines and/or incarceration; Relevant Individuals must receive fair and consistent discipline when deserved, along with recognition and positive reinforcement for behavior consistent with sustaining a positive culture.

SECTION. 2.

Each State shall establish an independent non-partisan commission to investigate affairs internal to the public administration in consideration of policies and positions of National, State, and Local government, such as corruption, law enforcement and military personnel behavior and brutality, and treatment of detainees and prisoners. The commission will accept complaints from the People of misconduct or abuse of authority by members of the public administration. The commission shall routinely audit each department of public office on behalf of the People. Conduction of investigations by the commission and their findings shall be open and public.

ARTICLE IX

SECTION. 1.

All Persons born in Pacifica shall retain the citizenship or legal permanent residency of the parents. If the parents are citizens or legal permanent residents of two different countries, the parents will select the citizenship of either the father or mother. In cases where one parent is a citizen or legal permanent resident of Pacifica [or the several States] and one is not a Citizen of Pacifica [or the several States], the kid is an Indigenous Citizen of Pacifica; All other persons naturalized in Pacifica are Citizens of Pacifica;-and in both cases, they shall be accountable under the jurisdiction thereof, in conformity to the principles of just naturalism. All Persons who shall have been, or shall hereafter be, naturalized in Pacifica, and accountable to under the jurisdiction thereof, are Citizens of Pacifica, of the State in which they reside, and of the Nation wherein they originate. All Persons may elect to become Citizens of Pacifica through the legal process of naturalization, and multiple-citizenship status is permitted.

No Citizen shall be deprived of their citizenship under any circumstances, nor shall they be extradited to another nation’s jurisdiction against their will. whether a citizen is natural born or naturalized through the immigration legal process, they may not for any purpose whatsoever be debarred of their citizenship, even under the guise of law enforcement or prevention of crime.

At the time of adoption of this Constitution, all persons who were previously Citizens of the prior Country which they inhabited, once presently inhabiting Pacifica as a lawful resident, shall too now become Citizens of Pacifica, and they shall be granted automatic dual citizenship for their prior Homeland and this new Nation.

Any individuals who reside on re-acquired tribal lands handed back to natives under the original treaties as is declared to be done by the government under this Constitution, as a condition of returning the land to the Indigenous Peoples, such residents shall too become members of such tribal territory bound by their jurisdiction and laws/policies, but also retain dual or multiple citizenship in Pacifica, and be guaranteed [by either] in full respect to their natural Rights and pursuit of Justice within both, in accordance with just naturalism as espoused by the principles in this Constitution in equal respect to just naturalism sports equivalent as espoused by tribal Custom or Law.

SECTION. 2.

The Persons within Pacifica shall consist of two primary classes, to wit: Adult Persons and Minor Persons. Adult Persons shall consist of all persons who shall have attained to the age of eighteen years and upward, or have become emancipated according to law in either the territories of Pacifica or of another jurisdiction (I.e. a foreign nation or other sovereign). Minor Persons shall consist of all Persons who shall not have attained the age of eighteen years, unless they are emancipated youth (according to the Pacifican custom of reciprocation in [negative] rights under international laws, for all Persons).

The Citizens of Pacifica shall consist of two primary classes, to wit: Adult citizens and Minor citizens. Adult Citizens shall consist of all Citizens who shall have attained to the age of eighteen years and upward, or have become emancipated according to law. Minor Citizens shall consist of all Citizens who shall not have attained the age of eighteen years, unless they are emancipated youth (according to the Pacifican principle of reciprocation in [negative] rights under interstate laws, for all Citizens).

SECTION. 3.

All Pacifican Citizens and nationals, as well as all non-citizens while they are on the national soil of Pacifica, except for duly certified foreign diplomats, are subject to this Constitution and constitutional laws as well as the laws under the territory or state in which they are located, and by serving as an active member of a jury, voting, or excercising public power, or receiving a public benefit or protection explicitly applied for or sought, shall be deemed as having taken an oath or affirmation to “Preserve, protect, promote, and defend, the sovereignty of Pacifica’s People, and their Constitution, against all enemies, foreign or domestic, to the best of their ability”. The grounds for this requirement are based upon the concept for which you must give in order that you intend to receive, and that all power implicitly retains duty.

ARTICLE X

This Mutual Friendship and Assistance Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between:
The Sovereign Nation of Pacifica and the Free People thereof, a self-governing political entity ("Pacifica"),
and,
PARTY B: All Native American Indigenous Peoples and Nations, collectively and individually, each recognized as a sovereign indigenous nation ("the Indigenous Nations"),
Collectively referred to as "the Parties".

WHEREAS, Pacifica recognizes all Indigenous Nations as sovereign entities with inherent rights to self-governance, territorial integrity, and independence from external authority;
WHEREAS, the Indigenous Nations possess original sovereignty over their traditional lands and territories, which sovereignty predates and exists independently of any treaty relationship with Pacifica;
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to establish a framework for mutual friendship, defense, peaceful coexistence, and cooperative relations, including free and open commerce between sovereign nations;
WHEREAS, the Parties acknowledge the historical precedent of the original 1621 Peace Treaty between the Plymouth Colony and the Wampanoag Nation;
WHEREAS, the Parties recognize the principles of the Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States (1933) as applicable to all sovereign entities under international law;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

Section. 0.

Citizens who are considered Tribal Natives are entitled to rights of Tribal and Territorial Sovereignty, Treaty Rights, Reserved Rights Doctrine, and a Trust Relationship wherein the National government of Pacifica has a duty to protect the tribes and represent their interests in interstate and international ordeals or issues (I.e., concerns), provided the courts have necessary legislative and executive authorities to effect that duty, and consent of the tribes involved.

Treaties with Native Tribes shall be honored, either with the original land which had been taken through conquest or appropriation from them being returned to them, land of equivalent value deeded to them, or money equal in current value to the land taken paid to them. Conveyance or payment shall be to a trust for each tribe controlled by that group. Administrative supervision of tribes shall be terminated, and not be revived.

All Nationally recognized Pacifican Native Tribes are forever sovereign, defined by their treaty or other legal relationship to Pacifica, with rights to decide their own government and laws, and to enforce those laws on all residents and visitors within their territory.

All Pacifican Native Tribes have permanent and absolute rights to their current reservation lands, forever. All State lands, or lands reacquired by Pacifican Native Tribes, that are within these tribes’ historically recognized boundaries, or protected by treaty, will be part of their reservations. All sacred sites of Nationally recognized Pacifican Native tribes shall be returned immediately, or protected by State partnership if requested by tribes.

Section. 1.

Subsection 1.1 — Prohibition of Hostile Acts
Neither Party, nor any agent, member, citizen, or affiliate acting on behalf of either Party, shall commit, authorize, or permit any act of violence, aggression, or harm against the persons, property, or territorial integrity of the other Party.

Subsection 1.2 — Affirmative Duty to Prevent Harm
Each Party shall exercise due diligence to prevent members under its jurisdiction from causing harm to the other Party and shall take reasonable measures to maintain peaceful relations and friendship.

Subsection 1.3 — Recognition of Indigenous Sovereignty
Pacifica expressly recognizes that:
(a) Each Indigenous Nation possesses inherent sovereignty over its traditional lands and territories
(b) Such sovereignty is not derived from, granted by, or dependent upon this Agreement or any action of Pacifica
(c) The Indigenous Nations retain full authority over their internal affairs, governance, and territorial jurisdiction without interference from Pacifica
(d) This Agreement creates no power in Pacifica to impede upon, diminish, or regulate the sovereign authority of any Indigenous Nation within its indigenous sovereign territory

Section. 2.

Subsection 2.1 — Primary Jurisdiction Based on Territorial Sovereignty
(a) When an offense is committed within the indigenous sovereign territory of an Indigenous Nation, that Indigenous Nation shall retain exclusive primary jurisdiction for investigation and prosecution.
(b) When an offense is committed within the territorial jurisdiction of Pacifica, Pacifica shall retain exclusive primary jurisdiction for investigation and prosecution.
(c) When an offense involves members of both Parties or occurs in areas of shared use, the Parties shall confer to determine appropriate jurisdiction based on principles of fairness, territorial sovereignty, and the interests of justice.

Subsection 2.2 — Extradition Upon Request
Either Party may request extradition of an offender to the territory of the requesting Party for prosecution under the following conditions:
(a) The requesting Party shall submit a formal written extradition request to the competent authorities of the other Party, detailing:
The identity of the accused
The specific offense(s) charged
Supporting evidence establishing probable cause
The applicable laws under which prosecution is sought
(b) The requested Party shall review the extradition request in accordance with its own legal procedures and may grant or deny extradition at its sole discretion as an expression of its sovereign authority.
(c) Extradition shall be granted only for offenses that constitute crimes under the laws of both Parties (principle of dual criminality).
(d) The requesting Party shall guarantee that the extradited individual shall receive due process, fair trial, and humane treatment consistent with recognized standards of justice.

Subsection 2.3 — Courts of Pacifica
All references to judicial proceedings, prosecutions, or legal actions within Pacifica shall be conducted before the competent courts of Pacifica having proper jurisdiction over the matter, in accordance with Pacifica's laws and constitutional procedures.

Subsection 2.4 — Alternative: Prosecution in Place of Extradition
If extradition is denied, the requested Party agrees to prosecute the offender under its own laws for conduct substantially similar to the offense charged by the requesting Party, as an exercise of its own sovereign judicial authority.

Subsection 2.5 — Restitution and Remedies
The Party with jurisdiction over an offender shall ensure that:
(a) Victims of the offense receive appropriate restitution or compensation
(b) Stolen or damaged property is restored to its rightful owners
(c) Remedies are enforced through available legal mechanisms

Section. 3.

Subsection 3.1 — Collective Defense Obligation
The Parties recognize that an armed attack or act of unjust aggression against either Party shall be considered a threat to the peace and security of both Parties.

Subsection 3.2 — Mutual Aid Commitment
Each Party pledges to:
(a) Provide military, logistical, or other assistance to the other Party when requested
(b) Act to meet common dangers in accordance with its own constitutional or governance processes
(c) Maintain and develop its individual and collective capacity to resist armed attack
(d) Come to the aid of the other Party in times of natural disaster, humanitarian crisis, or other emergencies upon request

Subsection 3.3 — Armed Forces and Equipment
(a) General Rule: When visiting the territory of the other Party, members of either Party shall leave their weapons, firearms, bows, arrows, or other offensive instruments at designated locations or in the custody of appropriate authorities.
(b) Exception for Mutual Defense and Assistance Operations: Notwithstanding subsection (a), weapons and defensive equipment may be brought into the territory of the other Party when:
(i) Prior written consent has been obtained from the host Party's authorized representative
(ii) The purpose is for joint defense operations, training exercises, emergency response, or mutual assistance to threats against either Party
(iii) The specific types, quantities, and bearers of weapons are identified in the consent authorization
(iv) The visiting Party agrees to comply with any conditions or restrictions imposed by the host Party regarding the use, storage, or deployment of such weapons
(c) Emergency Exception: In cases of imminent threat where prior consent cannot reasonably be obtained, weapons may be brought into territory with immediate notification to the host Party's authorities, followed by formal ratification of the emergency authorization within 48 hours.
(d) Indigenous Sovereign Territory: When Indigenous Nations exercise their sovereign authority to permit armed members or defense forces within their indigenous sovereign territory, such action requires no consent from Pacifica and shall not be impeded by Pacifica, as it is an expression of inherent Indigenous sovereignty.

Section. 4.

Subsection 4.1 — Duty to Inform Confederates
Each Party shall notify its allied nations, confederates, and affiliated entities of the terms of this Agreement to ensure that:
(a) Such allied nations do not commit hostile acts against the other Party
(b) Allied nations may, by mutual agreement, be included in the protections and obligations of this Agreement

Subsection 4.2 — Indigenous Nations' External Relations
Each Indigenous Nation retains the sovereign right to:
(a) Establish relations with other Indigenous Nations
(b) Enter into agreements with other sovereign entities
(c) Maintain its own confederacies and alliances independent of Pacifica

Subsection 4.3 — Third-Party Relations
Neither Party shall enter into any agreement with a third party that would obligate it to act against the interests or security of the other Party.

Section. 5.

Subsection 5.1 — Inherent Sovereignty
Pacifica recognizes and affirms that:
(a) Each Indigenous Nation possesses inherent, original sovereignty over its traditional lands, territories, and waters
(b) Such sovereignty is not derived from any treaty, statute, or action of Pacifica
(c) Indigenous sovereign territory includes all lands traditionally occupied, used, or claimed by each Indigenous Nation, whether or not such lands are currently under the physical control of that Nation
(d) This Agreement does not create, grant, or confer sovereignty upon any Indigenous Nation; it merely recognizes sovereignty that already exists independently

Subsection 5.2 — Non-Interference
Pacifica shall not:
(a) Impede upon the sovereign authority of any Indigenous Nation within its indigenous sovereign territory
(b) Assert jurisdiction over internal matters of Indigenous Nations
(c) Require Indigenous Nations to seek permission from Pacifica for actions within their own indigenous sovereign territory
(d) Use this Agreement or any provision herein as a basis for regulating, limiting, or controlling Indigenous Nations' exercise of their inherent sovereignty

Subsection 5.3 — Territorial Integrity
The boundaries of indigenous sovereign territory shall be determined by each Indigenous Nation according to its own laws, traditions, and historical claims, without interference from Pacifica.

Subsection 5.4 — Montevideo Convention Statehood Criteria
Pacifica recognizes that each Indigenous Nation, as a sovereign entity under international law, possesses the qualifications set forth in Article 1 of the Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States (1933):
(a) Permanent Population: Each Indigenous Nation has a permanent population, which may include both resident and nomadic members, with intention to establish permanent residency within the Nation and to be recognized as its inhabitants
(b) Defined Territory: Each Indigenous Nation has a defined territory, which includes traditional lands, territories, and waters, whether or not borders are contested, provided the territory has sufficient consistency
(c) Government: Each Indigenous Nation has a government that exercises effective authority over its territory and population, without requirement of any special type of government structure
(d) Capacity to Enter into Relations with Other States: Each Indigenous Nation has the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign entities, including Pacifica and other Indigenous Nations, as an expression of its independent sovereignty

Subsection 5.5 — Political Existence Independent of Recognition
In accordance with Article 3 of the Montevideo Convention:
(a) The political existence of each Indigenous Nation is independent of recognition by Pacifica or any other sovereign entity
(b) Even before recognition, each Indigenous Nation has the right to defend its integrity and independence, to provide for its conservation and prosperity, and consequently to organize itself as it sees fit, to legislate upon its interests, administer its services, and to define the jurisdiction and competence of its courts
(c) The exercise of these rights has no other limitation than the exercise of the rights of other sovereign entities according to international law

Subsection 5.6 — Juridical Equality of Sovereign Entities
In accordance with Article 4 of the Montevideo Convention:
(a) All Indigenous Nations are juridically equal to Pacifica, enjoy the same rights, and have equal capacity in their exercise
(b) The rights of each Indigenous Nation do not depend upon the power which it possesses to assure the exercise of those rights, but upon the simple fact of its existence as a person under international law
(c) Pacifica and all Indigenous Nations are juridically equal, regardless of differences in population, territory, or other characteristics

Subsection 5.7 — Fundamental Rights Not Susceptible to Impairment
In accordance with Article 5 of the Montevideo Convention:
The fundamental rights of Indigenous Nations are not susceptible of being affected in any manner whatsoever by Pacifica or any other entity

Subsection 5.8 — Recognition Unconditional and Irrevocable
In accordance with Article 6 of the Montevideo Convention:
(a) Pacifica's recognition of each Indigenous Nation signifies that Pacifica accepts the personality of that Nation with all the rights and duties determined by international law
(b) Such recognition is unconditional and irrevocable
(c) Recognition does not create sovereignty but acknowledges sovereignty that already exists

Subsection 5.9 — Equal Application of Montevideo Rights to Pacifica
Pacifica acknowledges that:
(a) All rights recognized in this Section apply equally to Pacifica as a sovereign entity under international law
(b) Pacifica possesses the same qualifications under Article 1 of the Montevideo Convention (permanent population, defined territory, government, and capacity to enter into relations with other states)
(c) Pacifica's political existence is likewise independent of recognition by Indigenous Nations or other sovereign entities
(d) Pacifica enjoys juridical equality with all Indigenous Nations, with the same rights and equal capacity in their exercise
(e) The fundamental rights of Pacifica are not susceptible of being affected in any manner whatsoever
(f) The rights and obligations set forth in the Montevideo Convention apply reciprocally to both Pacifica and all Indigenous Nations as equal sovereign entities under international law

Subsection 5.10 — Jurisdiction Over Inhabitants
In accordance with Article 8 of the Montevideo Convention:
(a) The jurisdiction of each Indigenous Nation within the limits of its national territory applies to all inhabitants
(b) Nationals and foreigners are under the same protection of the law and the national authorities of the Indigenous Nation
(c) Foreigners may not claim rights other or more extensive than those of nationals within indigenous sovereign territory
(d) The same principles apply within Pacifica's jurisdiction over its inhabitants

Section 06: INTERNATIONAL COMMERCE AND TRADE

Subsection 6.1 — Preservation of Commerce Rights
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to:
(a) Reduce, diminish, or impair the rights of international commerce between the Indigenous Nations and Pacifica
(b) Restrict the free exchange of goods, services, or resources between the Parties conducted in accordance with the laws of either jurisdiction
(c) Create any barrier to trade that did not previously exist under applicable international trade principles
Subsection 6.2 — Exchange of Defensive Implements
The Parties expressly recognize that:
(a) Weapons, firearms, defensive implements, and related materials may be exchanged between the Parties through lawful international trade
(b) Such exchanges shall be conducted in accordance with the laws and regulations of the exporting Party and the importing Party as applicable to rules of international trade
(c) Each Party retains sovereign authority to regulate imports and exports within its own jurisdiction, provided such regulations are applied in a non-discriminatory manner and do not unreasonably impede commerce between the Parties
(d) Indigenous Nations retain the right to acquire, possess, and trade defensive implements within their indigenous sovereign territory without interference from Pacifica
Subsection 6.3 — Applicable Trade Laws
Commerce between the Parties shall be governed by:
(a) The laws of Pacifica as applicable to international trade with sovereign nations, for transactions occurring within or originating from Pacifica's jurisdiction
(b) The laws of each Indigenous Nation as applicable to international trade, for transactions occurring within or originating from that Nation's indigenous sovereign territory
(c) Principles of international trade law recognizing the sovereign equality of trading partners
Subsection 6.4 — No Diminishment of Pre-Existing Rights
The Parties affirm that:
(a) This Agreement does not reduce any pre-existing rights of commerce or trade between Indigenous Nations and Pacifica
(b) Indigenous Nations retain all rights to engage in commerce with Pacifica and with other sovereign entities as they have historically exercised
(c) Nothing herein shall be interpreted to require Indigenous Nations to obtain permission from Pacifica to engage in international trade
Subsection 6.5 — Trade Disputes
Any disputes arising from commercial transactions between the Parties shall be resolved:
(a) Through good faith negotiation between the Parties
(b) In accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction governing the transaction
(c) Through mutually agreed arbitration or mediation, if both Parties consent

Section 07: DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Subsection 7.1 — Good Faith Negotiation
Any dispute arising from the interpretation or application of this Agreement shall first be addressed through good faith negotiations between authorized representatives of both Parties.
Subsection 7.2 — Respect for Sovereign Decision-Making
In any dispute resolution process:
(a) Each Indigenous Nation retains the right to determine its own position and actions according to its sovereign will
(b) No Indigenous Nation shall be compelled to accept a resolution that it determines violates its sovereignty or interests
(c) Pacifica recognizes that Indigenous Nations may withdraw from dispute resolution processes at their discretion as an exercise of sovereign authority
Subsection 7.3 — Mediation
If negotiations fail to resolve the dispute within 30 days, the Parties may agree to submit the matter to a mutually acceptable mediator.
Subsection 7.4 — Arbitration
If mediation fails, the Parties may agree to binding arbitration, with each Party selecting one arbitrator and both Parties jointly selecting a third arbitrator to chair the tribunal, provided that no Indigenous Nation shall be required to submit to arbitration against its will.

Section 08: AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS
Subsection 8.1 — Amendment Process
This Agreement may be amended or modified only by written instrument signed by authorized representatives of Pacifica and the affected Indigenous Nation(s).
Subsection 8.2 — Individual and Collective Application
(a) This Agreement applies collectively to all Indigenous Nations that choose to be bound by its terms
(b) Each Indigenous Nation may, through its own sovereign decision-making process, determine whether to adopt this Agreement
(c) Individual Indigenous Nations may, by mutual agreement with Pacifica, add individualized provisions addressing specific matters relevant to that Nation
Subsection 8.3 — No Impediment to Sovereignty
No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be interpreted as granting Pacifica authority to impede upon the inherent sovereignty of any Indigenous Nation.

Section 09: DURATION AND TERMINATION
Subsection 9.1 — Term
This Agreement shall remain in force indefinitely, unless terminated in accordance with this Section.
Subsection 9.2 — Termination by Pacifica
Pacifica may terminate this Agreement with respect to itself by providing one (1) year written notice to the Indigenous Nations.
Subsection 9.3 — Termination by Indigenous Nations
(a) Any Indigenous Nation may terminate this Agreement with respect to itself at any time, by written notice to Pacifica
(b) Such termination is an exercise of inherent sovereign authority and requires no justification or cause
(c) Termination by one Indigenous Nation shall not affect the Agreement's continued application to other Indigenous Nations
Subsection 9.4 — Effect of Termination
Termination shall not affect:
(a) Ongoing extradition proceedings initiated prior to termination
(b) Obligations arising from acts committed during the term of this Agreement
(c) Any rights or remedies accrued prior to termination
(d) The continued recognition of Indigenous sovereignty, which exists independently of this Agreement
(e) Pre-existing rights of international commerce between the Parties, which exist independently of this Agreement

Section 10: FINAL PROVISIONS
Subsection 10.1 — Recognition of Sovereignty
Pacifica expressly recognizes and affirms:
(a) The inherent, original, and independent sovereignty of all Indigenous Nations
(b) The territorial integrity of indigenous sovereign territory
(c) The right of each Indigenous Nation to self-governance free from external interference
(d) That this Agreement creates no power, authority, or jurisdiction in Pacifica over Indigenous Nations or their indigenous sovereign territory
Subsection 10.2 — Good Faith Performance
The Parties agree to perform all obligations under this Agreement in good faith and in accordance with the principles of mutual respect, friendship, and cooperation.
Subsection 10.3 — Governing Principles
This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with:
The inherent sovereign rights of all Parties
Principles of international law applicable to agreements between sovereign entities, including the Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States (1933)
The historical spirit of peaceful coexistence and mutual friendship embodied in the original 1621 Treaty
The principle that Indigenous sovereignty predates and exists independently of this Agreement
Subsection 10.4 — No Diminishment of Rights
Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted to:
(a) Diminish, limit, or impair the inherent sovereignty of any Indigenous Nation
(b) Grant Pacifica any authority over Indigenous Nations or indigenous sovereign territory
(c) Create any obligation for Indigenous Nations to seek permission from Pacifica for actions within their own sovereign territory
(d) Impede upon the full and free exercise of Indigenous sovereignty
(e) Reduce rights of international commerce that existed prior to this Agreement
Subsection 10.5 — Execution
This Agreement shall be executed in duplicate, with one copy retained by Pacifica and one copy made available to each Indigenous Nation that chooses to be bound by its terms. The Agreement shall take effect upon signature by authorized representatives of Pacifica and each participating Indigenous Nation.
Subsection 10.6 — Open Accession
Any Indigenous Nation that has not initially agreed to this Article may accede to it at any time through written instrument executed by its authorized representatives, without requiring approval or consent from Pacifica.

ARTICLE XI

SECTION. 1.

Full Faith, Credit, and Respect shall be given in each State to the public Acts, Records, and Judicial Proceedings, every other State, and the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Acts, Records, and Proceedings, shall be proved, and the Effect thereof, or in the event that congress fail to provide such, then such decision shall be left thereupon the Several States in three-fifths accordance or greater; Full Faith, Credit, and Respect shall be given in each State to the private Contracts, Health Professional Statement/s, Recommendations, and Prescriptions, in addition to the reciprocation of property rights [to and from] every other State, and the Congress may by general Laws prescribe the Manner in which such Contracts, Health Professional Statement/s, Recommendations, and Prescriptions, along with Conveyance or Relocation shall be proved if necessary and suitable/proper, and the Effect thereof, or once again, in the event that congress fail to provide such, such decision shall be left thereupon the Several States in three-fifths accordance or greater.

Each State shall be free and independent, treated as sovereign entities subject only to the Constitution of Pacifica and of their State, as well as the will of their People bound by Just Authority doctrine. The maintenance of their free institutions and the perpetuity of the Union depends upon the preservation of the right of Local self-government, unimpaired to all the States, and self-governance of the People, unimpaired as individuals.

Each State in the Union shall respectively retain every power, jurisdiction, and right, which is not by this Constitution delegated to the Congress of Pacifica or to the departments of the National government.

The Federal union, upon the terms and for the purposes specified in its compact with the several States, shall be conducive to the Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-Security and Self-Defense, Privacy, Property, and Pursuit of Happiness for the members in their compact and the Citizens thereof; The several States composing Pacifica are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their general government; but that, by compact, under the style and title of a Constitution for Pacifica, and of amendments thereto, they constitute a general government for special purposes, delegated to that government certain definite powers, reserving, each state to itself, the residuary mass of right to their own self-government; and that whensoever the general government assumes un-delegated powers, its acts are un-authoritative, void, and of no force; The government created by this compact, is not made the exclusive or final judge of the extent of the powers delegated to itself, since that would make its discretion, and not the Constitution, the measure of its powers; but that, as in all other cases of compact among powers having no common judge, each party has an equal right to judge for itself, as well of infractions as of the mode and measure of redress; Those who administer the general government [at any level or branch] shall not be permitted to transgress the limits fixed by this compact; Nullification, through judgment by the sovereignties of the several States, or by We the People, of all un-authorized acts done under colour of the instrument of government, shall be the rightful remedy; The commonwealth of Pacifica does declare, that acts, laws, and actions, which are in their opinion, palpable violations of the constitution, may be nullified by the sovereignties of the States; Each State is unequivocally attached to the Union, and to that compact, agreeable to its obvious and real intention, will be among the last to seek its dissolution; Although the commonwealth is a party to the Federal compact and will follow to the laws of the Union, it does at the same time declare, that it will not now, nor ever hereafter, cease to oppose in a constitutional manner, every attempt from what quarter soever offered, to violate the compact of the Union.

Each State shall exercise exclusive Legislative jurisdiction in all Cases whatsoever, over their territory within their own borders, and to exercise like Authority over all Places within their jurisdiction;

SECTION. 2.

The powers, duties, and responsibilities of the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches shall be prescribed by the constitution of their State.

SECTION. 3.

Each State shall assign through the legislature Districts, and within them, Counties, which may be further divided into Municipalities, to hold Local, State, and Federal votes and/or elections. At each level, they shall function as a republic with popular constitutionally-bound democratic powers of the People's sovereign will. Each District will be multi-member. The legislature of each State is prohibited from gerrymandering Districts.

Within all the territories of Pacifica, including each State, each piece of privately owned property is its own sub-state, and shall retain its own sovereignty, freedom, and independence, and every power, jurisdiction, and right of such a free State. this shall not impair their obligation to obey the general laws of state and Pacifica in accordance with rule of justice and right, in addition to the principles of Just Naturalism.

SECTION. 4.

By each State entering into Union as Pacifica, they pledge to mutually adhere towards their People a baseline set of responsibilities for their execution, and wield such necessary powers which are outlined in this Section and in other places throughout this Constitution. They shall have the duty to at all times in which they are able, execute the foregoing powers, on behalf of the Citizens of Pacifica. This list is not exhaustive, and is meant to cover the baseline functions in which the common People of Pacifica decide are reasonable and necessary, not to impair just powers of the States extending beyond written here in scope or subject; Any additional responsibilities, powers, and limitations should be decided by each State’s People and integrated together with these into their Individual constitutions:

Each State shall have exclusive power to regulate industry and commerce that takes place exclusively within the jurisdiction of their State;

Each state shall establish an Office for Consumer Rights and Transparency, vested with authority to protect, enforce, and advance the rights of consumers within the several Counties of their State, under the direction and supervision of the Legislature. The purpose of this office is to safeguard the public against fraudulent, misleading, exploitative, deceptive, or harmful commercial practices; to ensure that all products and services offered in their State are represented truthfully; and without producing injury to rights in Persons, Animals, and the Environment, and to uphold the principle that consumers are entitled to full, accurate, and accessible information in the marketplace, to make informed choices and enable their right of economic vote. The mission of the office is to: Promote consumer sovereignty by guaranteeing truthful representation of goods and services; Deter and remediate deceptive and harmful or destructive business practices through enforcement, education, and corrective action; Ensure transparency and fair play in commerce as a cornerstone of fairness, accountability, and trust between buyers and sellers, as well as promoting common good and mutual gain, and preventing predatory business practices like price fixing and price gouging;-and Empower individuals and communities through education on their rights and accessible remedies when harms occur. The official motto of this office shall be: “Truth in Commerce, Freedom in Choice.” The motto reflects the core principle that only when consumers are provided with clear, honest, and complete information can they make free and sovereign choices in the marketplace. Deceptive restrictions, concealment of information, or manipulation of representations are recognized as forms of coercion incompatible with the liberty of the individual, and any injury to rights is unjust;

Each State shall have no power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, regardless of whatever source derived, except as explicitly permitted by this constitution, and for only the purpose/s stated;

Each State shall establish a Department of Revenue, charged with administering the profits of the State’s Department of Goods and Services. Every county, district, and municipality/town/city shall retain the same powers as the State to establish a Department of Revenue and administer revenues from Local Departments of Goods and Services at each level;

Each State shall establish a Department of Finance, to serve as the fiscal policy advisory and to promote long term economic sustainability and responsible resource allocation;

Each State shall establish their respective Publicly-owned State banks, and all State and Local money shall be deposited therein. The State banks will loan and invest its funds exclusively within their State, and shall prioritize sustainable development and enhancing the welfare of all State residents. The State banks shall accept business and personal deposit accounts. All records of the State banks shall be open and public. The right of localities to establish Public banks and financial services is guaranteed, though those institutions shall be regulated by the legislation of Congress and their State. The right of Citizens to establish private banks and financial services is guaranteed, though those institutions shall be regulated by the legislation of Congress and each State. State-chartered banks shall be eligible to receive and loan out federal monies, provided that all such loans are repaid in full with interest, the rate of which shall not exceed a maximum set by law. State banks entrusted with federal funds may issue  national currency such as money, representative notes, or bills of credit, solely as evidence of such loans, provided these instruments are fully backed by the value of the loans and are redeemable in lawful currencies and monies of Pacifica. Congress shall have the power to regulate the maximum permissible interest rate on such loans, ensuring it promotes the general welfare and prevents the concentration of financial power. All privileges and responsibilities herein granted to State banks shall be subject to oversight by Congress, but no law shall be passed granting monopoly or exclusive rights to any single institution or group, in keeping with the principle that government shall not favor the wealthy or powerful over the interests of the people;

Each State shall establish a Department of Goods and Services, and shall have Power to establish facilities, as well as procure resources and labor for the manufacturing and retailing of goods or services desired by the public, to pay for State expenditures that would had otherwise been funded on collected taxes, which Public Sector businesses shall be operated autonomously in like manner to that of a citizen-owned co-op and worker’s council [bicameral stakeholder system] where the people’s co-op house is the representative branch, and the worker council is the senatorial power, in a profit-for-the-public-good venture; but it shall not have the power to conscript the resources or labor of any person; nor shall it use tax dollars to establish or maintain itself, meaning that the ‘Public sector’ businesses established must be operated on their own revenues at their own expense, with any profits not re-invested into them placed into the general fund of their State; The States are encouraged to accept donations from the People, designated by the People, for the purpose of funding the Department of Goods and Services; ‘Public sector’ business shall be subject to the same laws and regulations as Private business, and neither shall hold an exclusive monopoly to operate within Pacifica. The People shall be free to petition through Initiative or Referendum to engage/produce, query, or cease any Operation, action, Product, manufacture, method, or other mode of execution in the Department of Goods and Services as so alike shall the Legislature if in conformity to the will of the People’s Just Authority;

In each State, total outlays for any fiscal year shall not exceed total receipts for that fiscal year. Prior to each fiscal year, the Budget Officer shall transmit to the State Legislature a proposed budget for the State Government for that fiscal year in which total outlays do not exceed total receipts; A Bill to increase revenue shall not become law unless citizens approve this Bill in a referendum;

The Legislature and Gubernor/s of each state shall assemble at least once each year to balance the budget and manage the finances of their State;

[]
In order to secure the technological resilience, economic competitiveness, and continuity of self-government of the People, the several States, each within its own jurisdiction and by their mutual cooperation, may establish and maintain computing infrastructure as a public trust for their Citizens, and may join one with another, by compact, into a Federated Compute Infrastructure, organized upon interoperable, publicly documented, and open-source systems, including open hypervisor, container, orchestration, distributed-storage, and virtual-private-networking software such as, or equivalent to, KVM, Kubernetes, Ceph, WireGuard, IPsec/IKEv2, and open software-defined-networking controllers, no part of which may be enclosed by proprietary restriction, and each part of which shall remain auditable by the People of the several States through their respective representatives and through such independent oversight as the States, or Congress by their consent, shall establish, by means of an append-only and independently verifiable record of resource transactions, capacity contributions, utilization, and network-connection metadata; and any person, enterprise, cooperative, institution, or government within a participating State, meeting technical and security standards published by that State or by interstate compact, may contribute to the Infrastructure any computing capacity whatsoever, general-purpose processors, memory, persistent and distributed storage, graphics and artificial-intelligence accelerators, application-specific and field-programmable hardware, proof-of-work mining hardware, edge and embedded devices, and the networking, network-interface, and hardware-security equipment necessary to secure and interconnect the same, and may draw such capacity from the Infrastructure, in whatsoever form it is offered, whether as virtual machine, virtual private server, container, bare-metal allocation, distributed cluster for training, inference, high-performance, or mining workloads, or serverless function, through open and voluntary exchange, no owner of hardware being divested of title by virtue of participation, nor any person or State compelled to participate or to remain within any compact against their will; and every such person, enterprise, cooperative, and institution shall be free to sell or lease access to its own computing resources and to its own virtual private networking, encrypted tunneling, and zero-trust access services upon the exchange at prices of its own choosing, negotiated freely with purchasers, that the People and their private and cooperative associations may deal one with another as a market among themselves and not merely as suppliers to the States; and a participating State, or an authority established by compact among participating States, may offer computing or networking capacity for sale within the exchange upon the same terms available to private participants, at prices no lower than fair market value as independently determined under standards coordinated by Congress, so that the presence of any State government in the exchange shall be that of a competitor upon equal terms and never that of a destroyer of private enterprise; and Congress shall have power to coordinate among the several States and any compacts they form, to establish uniform technical, interoperability, and security standards, including minimum standards for encryption protocols, key lengths, authentication methods, and certificate issuance, which standards shall themselves remain open and shall not vest control of authentication in any single entity, for the exchange of computing capacity through this system across State lines and with foreign nations, to facilitate settlement of such exchanges, and to encourage, but not compel, the participation of every State, provided that Congress may itself own, administer, or operate computing infrastructure under this system paradigm while a participating State requests its facilitation, given it has an environmentally responsible method of implementation and maintenance, such as using ocean-floor-based water-cooled data centers powered partially by wave-energy harvesters and ocean-based geothermal; and each participating State shall maintain, or secure through compact, sovereign computing capacity equal to not less than 8.333333333333 per centum (~8.333%) of the total computing capacity privately available through this system within its jurisdiction, and there shall be permanently reserved, from the whole of the computing capacity available within each participating State with regard to ownership, not less than 5.555555555555 per centum (~5.555%) thereof from the public capacity for the free or subsidized use of its People, allocated under proportional and transparent rules established by that State or by compact, both such reservations to be enforced at the point of scheduling and not merely by subsequent accounting; and exchanges of computing capacity under this Provision, whether within a State or across State lines, may be settled in Pacifican money, Treasury legal tender representative notes, constitutional bills of credit, or such other constitutional monetary instruments as Congress or the several States may by law authorize, no exchange being denied settlement solely for its choice among such legal instruments; and no agency of any government, State or federal, shall inspect, retain, or condition access to the data, workloads, or network communications of any person using infrastructure established under this Provision absent a warrant or order issued according to law, all such communications being secured end-to-end by tenant-controlled encryption such that infrastructure operators and governments alike may observe only connection metadata, timestamps, endpoints, and data volumes, and never payload content, this limitation not to be suspended or narrowed except as this Constitution otherwise provides for the suspension of like protections; and all revenue derived from the sale of computing or networking capacity by a participating State, whether within Pacifica or to foreign nations, shall be treated as public infrastructure receipts of that State, held in a segregated and publicly reported account, and applied exclusively to the expansion, security, and universal accessibility of its Infrastructure, including the hardening and redundancy of its virtual private networking and zero-trust access systems, and to no other purpose, except as that State's law may otherwise for cause direct, any compact formed under this Provision being free to provide for the equitable sharing of revenue among its members; and the several States, and Congress within the coordinating power herein granted, shall have power to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation, including the establishment of technical standards, marketplace rules, procurement procedures for hardware security modules and other security-critical equipment, decentralized or multiply-rooted systems of certificate authority so that no single entity may control authentication across the Infrastructure, and independent bodies for oversight, pricing, and dispute resolution, provided that no legislation of Congress under this Provision shall diminish the primacy of the States in establishing and administering their own infrastructure and network-security policy, nor the openness, auditability, or non-displacing character of the Infrastructure as guaranteed herein.
[]

Each State shall establish a Department of State Treasury. Publicly-owned Local Banks of a given State may elect to serve as partial-extensions of the State treasury [with the consent of the Legislature and approval of the Gubernor/s], in that they may hold deposits of State government money and legal tender, distribute its money and legal tender for it as the State Legislature shall decide, and freely exchange the legal tender for lawful money with all parties operating in a lawful manner with them [including the People of their State and with the Pacifica of Sovereign Persons], and vice versa, as well as fungibly in-between notes or moneys, with a one-to-one ratio of interchangeability with eachother, in the case of State dollars, in accordance with this Constitution and the laws in the legislature of Congress and of their State;

Each State shall establish a Department of Industry and Commerce, concerned with promoting economic growth. Among its tasks are gathering economic and demographic data for business and government decision-making, and helping to set industrial standards. This organization’s main purpose is to create jobs, promote economic growth, encourage sustainable development and improve standards of living for all State residents. The mission of the department is to “promote job creation and improved living standards for all State residents by creating an infrastructure that promotes economic growth, technological competitiveness, and sustainable development, and to foster, promote, and develop the National and State commerce.”;

Each State shall establish a Department of Statistics, to serve as the central statistical authority on primary data collection in their State, by conducting entirely voluntary and informedly consented to, censuses and community surveys on different sectors of their State’s economy, such as population, housing, agriculture, fisheries, and business. It shall collect, compile, analyze, and publish statistical information on economic, social, demographic, political affairs, and general affairs of the People in their State;

Each State shall establish a Department of Public Works and Internal Improvements, tasked with producing construction and infrastructure projects, such as highways, dams, ports, and intrastate-networks, financed by public funds and constructed by the government for the benefit or use of the [general] public;

Each State shall establish a Department of Transportation, which will establish and manage public resources of roads, waterways, aero-space facilities, and outer-space launch-pads and interplanetary, interstellar, and intergalactic, but not inter-dimentional, travel/transit systems. It shall be under the authority of the People to grant or limit the use of such [vehicular/craft and traversal/teleportation] technologies or regulations implemented by the government for public purpose, and no government agent deploy such technology except as needed to properly execute the laws of their State and of the Union. Each State shall provide under this Department, intra-state bus and high-speed rail services to connect disparate cities on the intra-state highways and within the bounds of their State upon the Federal inter-state highways and railways, while providing adequate cargo storage space for personal property, running potable water, housing and equipment standard electricity and interfaces (such as 120EvoltAC 50Hz and 5Evolt/9Evolt/12Evolt USB fast-charge adaptive or power-delivery smart charger without data-lines aside from charger negotiation, and isolated powerline to prevent USB-jacking), internet and GPS beacon over Single-Wire, Radiant, Bluelink, and WiFi/Wireless Network, ventilation, and environmental regulation such as air conditioning and heaters as well as air filtration and window-defogging, and additionally, lavatories for all passengers and staff, as well as a host kitchenette and meals provided as premium services. The right of the People to travel the public ways of roads, waterways, aerospace, and the [terranullius] way of outer-space shall not be obstructed, nor retarded, or rescinded, neither any provision interactive to this one be obscured in such a way as to impact the ability of a free Person coming and going as they decide in their own private manner, though the Jurisdiction to capture fleeing criminals may be ascertained by the Rules of the Air, Sea, and Space, and Terranulius, as well as to Maritime [Interstate] Law Enforcement measures and acts which may be passed by Congress within Due Process of Law. The right of People to establish Private transportation resources and services is guaranteed;

Each State shall see to it that sufficient funding is provided necessary to establish and maintain adequate and cost-effective public transportation within each municipality, and promote timely transportation that is broadly accessible to the People within the towns and cities they may occupy or visit. The State may subsidize public transportation to reduce the cost for riders beyond the standard at-cost rate;

Municipal governments in each State shall establish, fund, and continuously maintain a Free Bicycle Loan Program that offers low-income residents access to bicycles for temporary personal transportation without rental charge. Each municipality shall either directly administer the program or contract with public or private entities to do so. They shall ensure that bicycles are reasonably available throughout the jurisdiction for purposes including, but not limited to: commuting to work or school, running errands, attending medical or social appointments, and engaging in physical activity that promotes personal wellness and public health. Participation in the program may be conditioned only on the provision of a security interest, refundable deposit, guarantor, or comparable form of assurance that is narrowly tailored to protect public property from loss, theft, or damage; Any such condition shall be reasonable in amount, nondiscriminatory in application, transparent in its terms, and promptly released or refunded when the bicycle is returned in accordance with program rules. Municipalities shall further maintain the bicycles in safe operating condition through periodic inspection, repair, and replacement. They shall provide or make available basic safety information regarding lawful and safe bicycle operation on public ways. Municipalities shall prioritize access for persons who lack a private motor vehicle or who reside in neighborhoods underserved by other transportation options. They shall administer the program in a manner that advances the goals of reducing dependence on private automobiles, lowering traffic congestion and associated emissions, enhancing connectivity to public transit systems, fostering active lifestyles, and supporting broader environmental sustainability objectives. Municipalities may finance the Free Bicycle Loan Program from general revenues, transportation-specific fees, dedicated environmental or mobility funds, voluntary contributions, or other lawful sources, provided that no budgetary decision shall wholly extinguish the program or render it merely illusory. The legislature may enact implementing legislation setting baseline standards for safety, accessibility, maintenance, and geographic coverage, granting municipalities technical assistance, or encouraging inter-municipal cooperation; However, no such legislation shall diminish the core obligation created by this Provision to provide a genuine, functional, and substantially equivalent free bicycle loan program to low-income individuals which is grounded in the principles of mobility, equal access, and responsible stewardship of public resources.

Each State shall establish a Communications and Public Access Network Commission, which will establish and manage public resources of [intra-state] government networks, and lease contracts, upon request after review, and to lease their access to the network to industrial and commercial entities, at a [uniform] rate equal to their share of the construction, operation, and maintenance costs entailed in providing them service, as shall be determined and they may be directed by the Legislature, and at the discretion of the Legislature may be charged an additional uniform amount not exceeding 16.666bar% of the base cost, with such leases granted for the conduction of regular business activities (not those activities which are subletting access, or selling services based on core dependency, to the Public network, e-commerce excepted);

Each State shall provide for free and open access to the general Public (in a non-commercial and non-industrial capacity) for all public cellular and wireless or single-wire networks which can connect to the internet that are deployed by the public body that are available from a public place which are not for Emergency or State security purpose. They shall also deploy a telephony database administered for the benefit of the people to get free cellular calling including short messaging services and multimedia messages, internet accessibility, and access to the serval Network in times of emergency;

Each State shall establish a Department of Research and Development for Science, Engineering, and Technology, to organize and facilitate the governmental activities into laboratory programs that may be limited by the People, which include but are not limited to: Nano-scale research as well as science and technology development, including research on chemicals/molecules and materials which themselves may be radioactive, as well as science and technology development surrounding these areas; Hardware, Programming, and Software research, as well as engineering and technology development surrounding these areas; Information, Learning, and Specific or General Artificial Intelligence research, theory, and technology development; Vehicle/craft and robotic/drone research, as well as engineering and technology development; Developing a unified theory of everything (with the intention of being used in Pacifican governmental physically realistic simulations within hardware and software), with the final product being named “M-Theory”, which shall stand for “Merger Theory”, depending on whether or not it has been worked out in completion in one go, where all other variations worked out before that which may be merged, being named by their dimensionhoods, compositions, and classification/s, in the logical organization of wSExYEyTzS [base_energy_composition] {medium_composition] [theory_classification](if available), or, W[Space-space]X[time-energy]Y[time]Z[space], along with the name/s of the composition of base energy, as well as the name/s of the composition of the medium, and the name/s of the classification of the theory (if available);

Each State shall establish and maintain a Department of Open-Source Projects and Information, to reasonably support upon request, fund, create, manage, and maintain open-source projects and informative materials of interest for use by the government and general public, upon the discretion of the people, and maintain a public repository of open-source information;

Each State shall have the power to subsidize; They may grant subsidies to an organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity for exemplary practices that serve the commonwealth and benefit the welfare of the environment and the People of their State;

Each State shall establish a Department of Public Broadcasting, responsible for administering recorded and live analog and digital radio and radiant broadcasts, analog and digital television broadcasts, and streaming internet programs both radio and audio-visual, augmented with accessibility and translation capabilities, with the intention of spreading impartial/un-biased, objective, accurate, and non-deceptive public information, including but not limited to Local, State, National, and Global weather and news, general information about history with occasional deep-dives in weekly blocks, as well as to articulating current research by researchers, scientific theories as well as [current (meaning past and present)] reports on the state of scientific discovery and progress by scientists, engineering projects and feats by engineers, [current (meaning past and present)] state as well as development of technology, and futurist predictions by credible [and legitmiate] authorities in a given field, information about and recommendations for open-source projects for viewers to investigate as well as hardware and software for them to use and/or own, general and weapon design, safety, as well as self defense training and weapons disarming and explosive diffusing and propper disposal courses, in addition to public safety and emergency announcements;-and community generated programs from the People, such but not limited to News, Documentries, and Informational or Educdational Broadcasts, with local ads run at scheduled break times for up to eight minutes each hour. Each State will hold all funds collected for the Department of Public Broadcasting in a secure non-divertible trust fund. The Department of Public Broadcasting will work with inter-agency and inter-state departments as deemed reasonable and mutually agreeable by the legislature of each state. The right of People to establish private broadcasting and informational services is guaranteed;

Each State shall establish a Department of Public Education, responsible for administering programs that deal with education, Public information events, and libraries. The Department of Public Education shall be in charge of enforcing educational freedom and autonomy, pupil, and parent’s rights protective law as well as providing for regulation and funding to the programs that it administers. Each State shall not divert funds towards the Department of Public Education, and will hold all funds collected for Public Education programs and services in a secure non-divertible trust fund;

[]
Each State shall establish, at its sole discretion and through the wide latitude of its legislature or the direct initiative and referendum power of its people, a consensual, opt-in system of universal basic childcare, available without compulsion to any parent, guardian, custodian, or next-of-kin who is working, disabled, or engaged in another reasonable life-necessity activity, subsidized at a percentage and through a funding mechanism the state itself determines from constitutionally permissible, non-compulsory revenue sources such as voluntary contributions, Department of Goods and Services proceeds, or state-enterprise profits, consistent with Pacifica's abolition of general taxation; this system shall operate under precisely the same health, safety, and rights-protective regulatory standards that govern private, cooperative, mutual-aid, and other non-public childcare providers, so that public and private providers remain equally regulated with neither preferential treatment nor monopoly, and the people of each state retain the full and continuing authority to establish, patronize, or alter such childcare arrangements, public or private, and to amend the governing regulations at any time by legislative act or initiative, to meet the actual needs and aspirations they hold for their children and posterity; administration shall be delegated to the county level wherever practicable, under rules designed to maximize the rights of parents and children, protect the rights of childcare workers, and respect the rights of the general public; parental authority over a child's upbringing, education, medical care, and custody, including the right to decline the public option or select any lawful alternative without penalty or differential treatment, shall remain fully preserved and unimpaired as a fiduciary trust exercised for the child's own inherent rights; care shall emphasize outdoor and sensory experience, free play, storytelling, and practical skill-building over screen-mediated or highly structured institutional regimens; supplemental support beyond the baseline shall be available upon sincere demonstration of need for children with significant special needs or complex family circumstances, without displacing parental authority or the child's dignity; and Congress shall exercise no power over any such system beyond verifying, through general law of uniform application, that each state meets a minimum baseline of adequacy, without prescribing curriculum, staffing, funding, or administrative structure;
[]

Each State shall establish a Department of Public Labor, to administer a Worker Program for the purposes of alleviating joblessness due to old age, un-employment, illness, and disability, and for hiring Individuals and Families of zero-to-low income, for those People’s benefit. Public sector Jobs are guaranteed for all those whom are eligible, from their State’s Department of Public Labor; each State shall guarantee rational and effective terms of employment for the Persons working through them; Each State will be responsible for furnishing the types of jobs that match the capabilities and capacities of those working under them. The jobs provided by the State will be granted for limited times as a means to get People on their feet while they [are assisted in a] search for a suitable fit in employment from the Private sector, and they are encouraged to immediately accept opportunities to transfer out to a proper job in the Private sector. Workers under the Department’s Program are free to quit their job with the State at any time, but will be required to wait a period of six months before re-applying for State employment. Each State will hold a proportion of funds collected from the work done for the purpose of distributing paychecks to the workers, held in a secure non-divertable trust fund, only accessible for the purposes of low-risk investing for gains in the fund, and for distributing wages to Citizens working under the program;

Each State shall establish welfare programs and services for Individuals and Families of zero-to-low income and those experiencing homelessness or housing insecurity, who are Citizens of Pacifica and Residents of that State. Each State will hold all funds collected for welfare programs and services in a secure non-divertible trust fund, only accessible for the purposes of low-risk investing for gains in the fund and as a Treasury fund for distributing welfare benefits to eligible Individuals. Each County shall receive a portion of the funds based on the number of Citizens in need within that County, and distribute them upon need to municipalities, in order to provide for twenty-four hour (24-hour) homeless/unsheltered service shelters, with which shall [at baseline] furnish food [including but not limited to {common} pet food], clean drinking water, microwave for heating water and food, bathrooms, showers, laundry service, clothes [including but not limited to jackets/coats, hats, and gloves], shoes and boots, bedding [including but not limited to seasonally-appropriate sleeping bags and wool blankets], tents, tarps, rope/cordage, tape/adhesive, tire patches, locks and security items such as chains or proximity/trip alarms, trash bags, batteries and chargers or wall adapters, backpacks, flashlights and camp lamps, hand carts, electricity access, telephone access, computer access, internet access, paper printing, mail service, temporary secure item storage, bus passes, gift cards, writing supplies and stamps, medical supplies, hygiene supplies, and sleeping spaces. Every Citizen of the several States shall have the inherent irrevocable privilege to a basic standard of living, secured through voluntary as well as decentralized means wherever practicable, at a baseline sufficient to ensure access to nutritious food and clean water, adequate shelter, clothing and bedding, hygiene supplies, essential private healthcare, transportation, and the means to participate fully in civil society; To uphold this right, the Legislature of each State shall establish and maintain a system guaranteeing an [unconditional] [phased] basic income sufficient to meet essential living needs, funded transparently through revenues generated by the Department of Goods and Services in their state, as well as administered with respect for individual choice, personal privacy, and with minimal bureaucratic intrusion, to supply progressively-tiered negative income bracketed approach to supply funds to Citizens making up to the mean income level. No Clause of this Provision shall be construed to compel any person to accept income or services against their will, nor shall any private property be taken or any person be compelled/coerced for this purpose except as authorized by this constitution or consensually upon just compensation and in accordance with due process of law. Each State shall also provide for subsidization of existing housing options and also provide for readily-accessible comfortable [non-gentrified] low-income and affordable rent-to-own housing projects that cost no more than thirty-percent of an individual's income [before, at, and after retirement], adjusted based on their ability to pay. The funding, administration, and adjustment of this system shall be governed by principles of fiscal responsibility, local autonomy, and free enterprise; States and Communities may supplement and administer additional forms of voluntary support consistent with this Provision. Each State shall have the power to enforce and implement this Provision through appropriate legislation, provided that no law enacted under this Provision shall infringe upon the natural liberty, self-ownership, or voluntary economic association of any person;

[]
Each State shall have the authority and responsibility to establish and administer, through their respective State Banks or other designated public financial institutions, programs providing subsidized financing for the acquisition of land and the purchase, construction, or placement of semi-permanent or permanent housing for individuals receiving public assistance on the basis of a medically or legally determined disability reasonably expected to persist for the duration of such individual’s lifetime; eligibility for such programs shall require the existence of a bona fide plan for human habitation in a structure not constituting a temporary shelter, and specifically excluding tarps, tents, and lean-tos; such programs shall provide a subsidy not exceeding thirty-five percent of the total cost of the property, inclusive of land where applicable, and shall further provide access to loan financing for the remaining balance, subject to underwriting standards established by State law, provided that no such loan shall exceed fifty percent of the recipient’s projected income over a term not exceeding thirty years, or sixty percent over a term not exceeding twenty years, nor work the crime of usury against the beneficiary; for purposes of this Provision, qualifying housing shall include, without limitation, manufactured homes, trailers, recreational vehicles, watercraft, airplanes, spacecraft, or other mobile or stationary structures equipped with internal accommodations suitable for sleeping, food preparation, sanitation, and ordinary daily living activities, as well as sheds, container homes, tiny homes, and traditional residential dwellings, equipped with standard facilities and capacities, or beyond; such loans may be refinanced, modified, or otherwise administered in accordance with laws enacted by the legislature of each State; and the purpose of this Provision shall be to expand access to property ownership and secure housing for individuals receiving public assistance with permanent disabilities, by enabling pathways to independent living beyond rental or public housing systems while preserving individual autonomy in location and form of habitation.
[]

Each State shall establish and maintain open-access resource libraries stocked with tools, equipment, materials, and productive goods, distributed across regions and localities under subsidiarity, enabling every sovereign person to freely select, use, and thereafter permanently acquire full private ownership of such items as their eternal personal property without cost, lease, or surrender, affirming enduring individual dominion over appropriated resources while preventing enclosure of commons, proletarianization, or dependency. These libraries shall prioritize renewable, sustainable, open-source technologies and post-scarcity production goals via the State Department of Goods and Services’ autonomous public enterprises, ensuring widespread access to means of self-sufficiency without infringing natural rights, imposing coercion, taxation, or State control over Private title. Legislation enacted in conformity herewith may regulate operations tiered to scale, and also accept goods which are donated upon disuse for recycling or reassignment, in favor of distributist equity anchored in self-ownership, non-aggression, and Just Naturalism;

Each State within the Commonwealth of Pacifica, at the discretion of their populace, shall appropriate funds to municipalities and local jurisdictions for the purpose of sustaining civic, charitable, and nonprofit institutions engaged in providing essential support to persons in conditions of hardship, including but not limited to the homeless and unsheltered, the impoverished, the elderly, veterans, and individuals bearing physical or intellectual disabilities as well as debilitating mental disorders, in order to ensure their access to nourishment, shelter, clothing, and other basic necessities consistent with human dignity. In addition to diners and food pantries, there should also be made access to any other additional public resources for the impoverished and vulnerable as directed by the people at the most local level possible to the aid received. Any such institution or organization receiving public assistance under this provision shall operate as a body for public benefit and shall be bound to apply not less than four-fifths of all monies received, whether originating from public appropriation or private contribution, exclusively to the direct relief and advancement of those in need, with no more than one-fifth of such funds being eligible for administrative, managerial, or employee compensation. The administration and oversight of these funds shall be conducted in an open, accountable, and locally participatory manner, reflecting the principle that collective welfare must arise through voluntary cooperation and community stewardship rather than centralized dependency. States and municipalities shall preserve, within the execution of such charitable functions, the autonomy of local communities and the sovereign rights of individuals, ensuring that assistance respects the personal freedom, moral agency, and productive capacity of each recipient. In distributing funds and grants pursuant to this social responsibility, preference shall be given to organizations that demonstrate transparency, self-governance, and equitable use of resources, particularly where such entities contribute to the long-term empowerment, education, and self-sufficiency of beneficiaries. The States may establish reasonable standards and reporting requirements to verify compliance with the expenditure limitations and ethical directives herein, provided that such regulation shall not infringe upon the voluntary nature or decentralized character of participating charities. No part of this Provision shall be construed to permit the accumulation or exercise of disproportionate economic or political power by any private party or public organ under the guise of charity, nor shall it authorize compulsory association or coercive distribution beyond that reasonably necessary for the preservation of life, dignity, and welfare among the inhabitants of Pacifica. The intent of this Provision is to affirm that compassion, freely organized and locally administered, forms a legitimate expression of justice in a republic of sovereign persons, integrating individual liberty with social duty in a balanced and enduring order;

Each State shall establish a voluntary Reunification Assistance Program to provide transportation and transitional support to individuals experiencing homelessness or unshelteredness who demonstrate a verifiable personal connection with family members, friends, or responsible parties willing to receive and support them in securing stable [long-term] housing. Eligible individuals must consent to participation, undergo a basic background screening to address public safety concerns and to ensure that participants are not fugitives from Justice within Pacifica, as well as verify the willingness and capacity of their receiving party through direct communication prior to assistance. The program shall include case management services to facilitate travel arrangements, provide reasonable stipends for food and incidentals during transit, and conduct follow-up evaluations within thirty and ninety days to monitor rehousing stability and well-being. Resources shall prioritize empowering personal autonomy and re-establishing existing social support networks while preventing coerced displacement or punitive relocation. No individual shall be involuntarily transported nor deprived of access to local shelters and services without due process protections. The program shall be designed and administered transparently and subject to periodic independent review by a board and open into investigation by the People to ensure transparency and accountability, harm reduction, along with respect for individual dignity. Ultimately, the People of Pacifica recognize that addressing homelessness and the unsheltered requires both the restoration of community ties and investment in systemic housing solutions while protecting individual liberty, choice, and paths towards private property acquisition and ownership (E.g. rent-to-own);

Each State shall establish a Citizen Safety and Defense Education as well as an Arming and Equipping Program. The program will freely provide for Safety, Defense, and Arms training by military personnel, and at the State’s or it’s Citizen’s discretion, may freely and equally periodically provide Arms and Supplies/Equipment [of the Citizen’s {reasonable} choice] or an equivalent voucher for such Arm/s and Supplies/Equipment to Adult Class Residents of their State who are also Citizens of Pacifica, except under which disqualifications of an Individual’s current legal/criminal status that the Legislature of their State or the Citizens of that State shall deem appropriate for the interest of safeguarding the wellbeing of the People in their State, or as may be otherwise provided under this Constitution, and may be utilized to supply and equip them and/or their/”the People’s” armed forces service depos/armories from time to time with any needful [tactical] tools and supplies deemed suitable for their survival and travels; Upon their first time completing the free militia training they shall be entitled to take home a suitable weapon for State defense and Personal use that same day; Part of their equipping periodically shall also be to be supplied with pallets stocked with six-months worth of supplies (Federal Disaster Response and Management Unit federal money also goes into this program, spent by the state according to their regional autonomy) or it's cash equivalent every five-point-three-bar years; When they are distributed, it shall be communicated to the recipient, by the Citizen Armament and Equipping personell, through speech or other appropriate means to the releasee upon the moment of their release, these words, “You have received a set of benefitial supplies for which you are due, and may do as you will with them, as they are now part of your Property”. The purpose of this program is effectively guaranteeing a baseline level of defensive readiness and disaster preparedness for our people;

[]
Each State shall establish and maintain a comprehensive, publicly accessible Property Registry for all real property within Pacifica, including all States, territories, counties, municipalities, and the Federal District, and the Registry shall constitute an official source of public notice concerning the status, ownership, possession, control, boundaries, access, and declared conditions of every parcel of Public or Private property; each parcel entry shall include, at minimum, a standardized map depicting boundaries and recognized points of ingress for lawful public purposes, including delivery of mail, service of official notice, execution of lawful warrants, surveying, and any other constitutionally permitted process; the name of the registered owner and, where applicable, lawful controller or agent, together with reasonable contact information sufficient for notice; a scanned or otherwise authenticated copy of the title or equivalent instrument of ownership; the official address or legal description of the parcel; the classification of the parcel as developed or undeveloped; purchase and sale information, including prior ownership history to the extent maintained by law; and any recorded legal notices affecting the parcel, including trespass declarations, surveys, liens, foreclosures, governmental repossession, or other constitutionally permissible encumbrances; because property exists under the Lockean proviso as a stewardship that must not be used to exclude others from necessities through mere hoarding, speculation, or vacancy, the Registry shall also record whether the property is vacant, underutilized, abandoned, or held in a manner subject to homestead, adverse possession, or squatting laws enacted consistently with this Constitution, and the Registry shall note any public claim, adverse claim, or legal challenge thereto; the owner or lawful controller may submit binding instructions concerning the parcel, including no-entry directives, permission requirements, designated areas where public entrance, congregation, or camping is permitted, and any other lawful command concerning access or use, and such declarations shall have the force of recorded public notice when filed in the Registry; the Registry shall provide a public comment function for each parcel, because public notice is incomplete unless the People may record lawful observations, objections, and informational comments regarding land use, condition, accessibility, nuisance, abandonment, encroachment, or other matters of communal concern, provided that all comments shall be governed by law to protect privacy, reputation, due process, and security, and the Registry shall not authorize defamation, harassment, unlawful disclosure, or the compelled revelation of protected information; the Registry shall indicate the presence of gates, fences, barriers, obstructions, defensive deterrents, booby traps, mines, or similar devices, but shall not require disclosure of their precise location, quantity, or capability, because public notice requires warning of danger while the Lockean security of ownership and the right of defense forbid compelled tactical disclosure beyond what is necessary for safety and lawful process; the Registry shall be the official source of property notice throughout Pacifica and may be indexed, analyzed, and republished by external tools, including artificial intelligence, for any lawful purpose, including squatter inquiry and lawful speculation, because the public character of recorded land information is part of the legal architecture by which title, boundary, and possession are made knowable to all; the Registry shall be maintained in a searchable digital format accessible to the public without unreasonable restriction, shall be downloadable in standardized formats, and shall also be reproducible in printed, offline, and non-digital versions, with the ability to submit comments, filings, and requests through equivalent means for persons who do not use digital systems, at cost of filing and reproduction only; the Registry shall not require any information beyond that expressly authorized by this Section or otherwise permitted by this Constitution, and all recorded and displayed data shall be limited to what is reasonably necessary for notice, boundary definition, public accountability, lawful access, and the prevention of wasteful exclusion from scarce land and shelter; and the Legislature of Pacifica and the several States shall have concurrent power to enact and enforce laws implementing this Section, to define the procedures for recording, contesting, correcting, and challenging entries, and to set penalties for falsification, concealment, unlawful obstruction of access to the Registry, or the intentional withholding of required notices.
[]

Each State shall establish a Bureau of Forest and Land Management, to regulate and manage the use of public land. The mission of the Department of Forest and Land Management is “to sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of the public lands for the use and enjoyment of present and future generations.”. The Bureau of Forest and Land Management shall open a division to deal with providing land for homesteading and public resources for homesteaders to establish their own off-grid/self-sustenance living solutions. The Legislature of each State are empowered to lease or purchase land from counties who consensually enter agreement, and the State Legislature may additionally sell that same land back to the County/ies or People of their State at another time, and may produce homestead filing and equipping programme rules in conformity to this constitution, and release land titles/patents to citizens for their own personal use to own and pass on again and again in the course of their [the Citizen’s] and their family’s lives, through inheritance as an heirloom, except if no relative whether by blood or marriage is available for designation through will, then upon the death of the owner, it shall be auctioned at State sale to another Citizen as a standard piece of real estate, through the Treasury or State banks. Households will be limited to one homestead, but there is no limit to how many households in a family may stake and obtain a stead. The land which the State government owns may be designated as State park or refuge, or, as a commercial parcel for operations under the department of Goods and Services, or for any other purpose consistent with the Powers conferred to the State Legislature, but it may not be used to expand the boundaries or add territory to the Capitol District of Pacifica. Land designated for State parks shall be controlled by the Department of Forest and Land Management land intended for governmental industry and commerce under the Department of Goods and Services, and Land for sale shall be held by the treasury of Pacifica;

Each State shall establish a Department of Agriculture and Farming, responsible for assisting in the co-operative development with the State Legislature, and executing the State laws related to farming and agriculture, horticulture and forestry, and food. The Department of Agriculture and Farming aims to meet the needs of farmers and ranchers, promote agricultural and livestock trade and production, work to assure food and cultivated drug safety, protect natural resources, foster rural communities, and to end hunger in their State;

[]
Each State shall establish a Food and Drug Administration to reduce preventable harm from products that people cannot [reasonably] be expected evaluate for themselves, while allowing beneficial products to reach the market. The Administration shall protect the general public against adulterated, misbranded, contaminated, deceptively marketed, poisonous, deleterious, or un-lawfully marketed articles, and shall make impartial health and nutrition information available to the public in clear, layperson-accessible language. The Administration shall regulate, inspect, test, label, certify, and monitor water, food, drink, dietary supplements, nutraceuticals, drugs, biologics, medical devices, tobacco products, cosmetics, and other substance-based therapies, enhancements, augmentations, and materials intended to contact such products. Its authority shall include products manufactured, sold, offered for sale, transported, imported, distributed, or marketed within theit State. No person shall manufacture, prepare, pack, hold, sell, offer for sale, transport, distribute, import, or market an adulterated or misbranded food, drink, drug, biologic, supplement, therapeutic product, or other regulated article. An article shall be deemed adulterated when, among other things, its strength, quality, purity, identity, composition, or safety falls below an applicable legal, scientific, or publicly disclosed standard; it contains a poisonous, deleterious, contaminated, filthy, putrid, decomposed, diseased, or otherwise injurious substance; a valuable constituent has been wholly or partly removed; an inferior, cheaper, substituted, undisclosed, or harmful substance has been added; its appearance, quality, value, safety, or composition is concealed or falsely enhanced through coloring, coating, polishing, processing, packaging, or another deceptive practice; or it has been produced, packed, stored, or transported under conditions that may render it contaminated, unsafe, impure, or otherwise unfit for its represented use. An article shall be deemed misbranded when its label, packaging, advertisement, marketing, labeling, instructions, identity, composition, origin, quantity, quality, strength, purity, intended use, risk, or other material representation is false, misleading, incomplete in a materially deceptive manner, or likely to mislead a reasonable person. A product sold as another product, an imitation presented without clear disclosure, or a product represented as meeting a standard it does not meet shall be misbranded. All labels for drugs, biologics, supplements, nutraceuticals, and other regulated therapeutic substances shall plainly disclose the identity and quantity or concentration of each active ingredient, the material inactive ingredients, applicable warnings and contraindications, directions for safe use, lot or batch identification, manufacturer or responsible distributor, and such other information as is reasonably necessary for informed consumer and professional decision-making. Where a product is represented as conforming to an official compendium, pharmacopeia, monograph, formula, or declared standard, it shall meet the stated standard of strength, quality, and purity. No person shall knowingly or recklessly represent, directly or indirectly, that a product diagnoses, prevents, treats, cures, mitigates, or heals a disease, condition, or symptom unless that representation is supported by sufficient competent evidence appropriate to the claim. No person shall intentionally place, cause to be placed, or distribute false or fraudulent therapeutic claims on product labeling, packaging, or accompanying promotional material. For prescription drugs, biologics, and higher-risk medical devices, the Administration shall require sufficient evidence that the reasonably anticipated benefits outweigh the reasonably foreseeable risks for each intended use before the product may be marketed. The Administration shall also oversee manufacturing quality, purity, labeling, advertising and health claims, adverse-event reporting, recalls, and post-market safety monitoring. The Administration may inspect facilities and records; collect and test samples; require corrective labeling, warnings, disclosures, or reformulation; issue public safety notices; suspend, restrict, seize, embargo, recall, or prohibit regulated articles; and refer knowing or serious violations for civil or criminal enforcement. Its enforcement actions shall be proportionate, evidence-based, publicly accountable, and subject to due process. All medical, nutritional, safety, ingredient, contaminant, manufacturing, and adverse-event information required to be disclosed under this Provision shall be made freely available to the general public in understandable language, while protecting legitimate personal privacy and narrowly defined proprietary information that is not necessary to assess safety, identity, quality, or lawful marketing. This Provision shall be construed to guarantee that every regulated product is [generally] safe, effective, and ethically desirable; The purpose of this Provision is to establish transparent and enforceable standards of identity, strength, quality, purity, labeling, truthful representation, and risk disclosure, so that the general public is protected from [objectively] [and agreeably] un-reasonable and preventable harm.
[]

Each State shall provide addiction treatment as part of Standard offerings under the Universal [single-payer, free] Basic Care system in each [relevant] jurisdiction, which shall always remain optional and revocably consensual to the recipient, and the law shall make way for using intervention versus arrest for violations of the law by those using drugs in Public when they are restricted or prohibited in certain conditions according to Time, Place, and Manner criteria set by the Legislature of such Jurisdiction, in conformity to this Constitution. States shall implement oversight and outcome reporting mechanisms to evaluate efficacy, ethical compliance, and recovery success, while maintaining coordination among local health authorities, hospitals, and community-based organizations to advance prevention, harm reduction, and reintegration. Telehealth and in-person services shall be accessible to all regions, urban and rural alike, fulfilling the State’s obligation to provide a unified, compassionate, flexible, and effective framework for addressing substance abuse as a matter of public health and human dignity, not a criminal mentality or act;

[]
Each State shall ensure the preservation of public health, individual autonomy, and equitable access to essential care by establishing and funding, through its municipalities, a system of publicly accessible sexual and reproductive health clinics operating on a low-barrier, walk-in basis, which shall provide comprehensive services including diagnostic testing and treatment for transmissible conditions, preventative screenings, contraception and fertility services, pregnancy testing and consultation, evidence-based education, distribution of protective and harm-reduction materials, nutritional and vitality guidance, and forensic examination with coordinated support pathways for victims of sexual harm; such clinics shall operate under principles of anonymity where practicable, neutrality toward all persons regardless of sexual preference or status, and accessibility inclusive of extended hours, mobile outreach, multilingual services, and integration with mental health and social support systems, and shall be justified under the inherent authority and obligation of the State to protect public welfare, reduce systemic health burdens, prevent the spread of communicable conditions, mitigate avoidable suffering and long-term cost, and ensure that all persons, including those facing heightened exposure to risk due to instability of resources, environment, or continuity of care, have practical and immediate access to preventative, educational, and remedial health services necessary for individual and collective well-being.
[]

Each State shall establish a Bureau of Poisons, Toxins, and Hazardous materials, responsible for enforcing regulations, labeling, and control of access to poisons, toxins, and hazardous materials, in regard to macro-, micro-, and nano-scale substances possessed and used by Individuals, research organizations, scientific and medical institutions, and commercial entities, in access, use, manufacturing, trading, and purchasing or sales of such materials;-And to enforce restrictions on their use, for the purpose of protecting life, health, and general autonomy of the People/Androids, Animals/Robots, and the Environment/Nature;

Each State shall establish Statewide programs and centers for re-cycling along with waste management facilities, for glass, metal, paper, plastic, electronics, compost, and other wastes. The right of People to establish private re-cycling and waste management services is guaranteed;

Each State shall establish an Environmental Quality and Protection Agency, to maintain the government’s responsibilities to the earth in protecting the rights of nature and the habitability of the planet;

Each State shall establish a Nuclear Regulatory Commission, to enforce strict regulations established by the State Legislature; to control access to radioactive matter; to regulate the access, use, manufacture, trade, and purchasing or sale of radioactive matter by Individuals, research organizations, scientific and medical institutions, and commercial entities; and to enforce restrictions on their use;

Each State shall establish a Bureau of Biological and Chemical Agents, to strictly regulate and control access to biological and chemical agents, to be made available to Individuals, research organizations, scientific and medical institutions, and commercial entities, to access, use, manufacture, trade, and buy or sell biological and chemical agents and their precursors; and enforce restrictions on their use which were lawfully enacted through the legislature of said State;

Each State shall erect a Department of Housing and Urban Development to be established with the sole authority to set and enforce clear, evidence-based limits on the presence of known toxins and carcinogens, such as formaldehyde and flame-retardant, in all forms of shelter, including temporary lodging such as travel trailers and motor homes. Such regulation shall be narrowly tailored to protect the fundamental right to establish and maintain a safe home, and shall not unduly restrict property rights, freedom of contract, or the availability of affordable housing. Standards shall be based on the best available science and focus only on substances proven to pose significant health risks at commonly encountered levels. All enforcement actions must respect due process and property rights, and shall be subject to judicial review. The Department may not expand its authority beyond regulating harmful toxins and carcinogens within shelter. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to permit broader regulation of housing or shelter beyond what is necessary to prevent direct, substantial harm from known toxins or carcinogens;

Each State shall establish an Agency for Workplace Safety, with the sole authority to set and enforce clear, evidence-based standards to protect individuals from significant, demonstrable risks to life and health in all workplaces and work settings. All regulations and enforcement actions by this agency must be narrowly tailored to address only those hazards proven to cause substantial harm, and shall not unduly infringe upon property rights, contract freedom, or the right to earn a living. The agency shall operate transparently, respect due process, and provide for prompt judicial review of its actions. No regulation shall be adopted or enforced unless it is necessary to prevent direct, material injury to workers. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to permit arbitrary or excessive regulation of workplaces, nor to restrict voluntary risk-taking by informed individuals in their chosen employment;

Each State shall establish a Department of Reformatory and Criminal Labor;

Each State possesses inherent responsibility and the dominion to institute, sustain, plus oversee an exhaustive, gratis communal juridical referral mechanism, attainable by citizens across wealth spectrums, from opulent patrons to destitute supplicants, spanning exhaustive legal realms like penal advocacy, tortious proceedings, domestic relations, estate planning, impairment claims, alongside niche adjudicative pursuits; such apparatus incorporates stratified matching protocols attuned to fiscal standings: gratuitous counsel for paupers, tempered charges for average earners, complete fees for elites; coupled with interactive directories permitting attorneys to survey obscured petitioner requisites, fostering reciprocal linkages between justice claimants plus legal tenders, wherein contact information plus locales transmit solely toward vetted recipients post-consensual clearance, orchestrated via unified electronic gateways, telephone hotlines, urgent sorting for crises akin to incarceration threats or shelter losses; States exercise sovereign legislative powers encompassing enactment, operation, budgetary sourcing from intrinsic coffers, professional dues, charitable streams, barring national fiscal burdens, plus attorney induction through reputational scrutiny, moral pledges, efficacy audits safeguarding integrity plus promptness. Congress holds affirmative authority to compel State fidelity herein, via statutory minima, incentivized disbursements, courtroom compulsions like writs of mandate, disciplinary measures against delinquent commonwealths, thereby enshrining equitable remedial passage as citizenship’s indelible entitlement, fortifying governance’s essence against caprice while channeling justice to the common man/woman/kid;

In each County with every District of each State, an election for an office of sheriffs shall take place every two years, where each Sheriff shall appoint their Deputies, with a term of two years and a limit of four terms per Sheriff and four terms per Deputy, to guard and protect as well as serve the Constitution and the People , to serve warrants and place arrests, to enforce the laws of each State, and to serve as Warden to inmates. Each State shall provide funds to their respective district sheriff offices. It is the duty of sheriffs and their deputies to defend the People and the Constitution of Pacifica, as well as of their State in conformity therewith. Sheriffs and their Deputies are public servants and shall serve as officers of the law. Their badges shall symbolically consist of five-point stars enclosing the seal of their county and name of their agency, for they are servants composed from the People and equal to them in law;

Each State respectively shall have the power to provide for organizing, arming and disciplining its own Militia, whensoever Congress shall omit or neglect to provide for the same. That the Militia shall not be subject to Martial law, except when in actual service, shall be subject only to such fines, penalties and punishments as shall be directed or inflicted by the laws of its own State;

Each State may provide non-binding advice to the People on how to prevent the spread of communicable diseases/pathogens, and provide non-binding recommendations to sectors of the population, industry, and commerce which they believe may assist or achieve this end;

Each State shall have exclusive legislative jurisdiction over the allocation of broadcast bands for intra-jurisdictional (which shall mean those which are confined [through measurability] entirely within a State, but not those which are immeasurable from a Public area or by another sub-State, such as those confined entirely within a single sub-State jurisdiction) radio wireless transmissions as well as single-conductor/single-wire and radiant wireless transmissions whose configuration and energy level are excessive enough to which they can potentially or will cause a measurable/demonstrable amount of damage to Persons, Animals, Property, or to the environment; The lawful purpose for regulations and licensing of equipment at levels beyond those which may potentially or will cause a measurable/demonstrable amount of damage to Persons, Animals, Property, or to the environment, shall enxtend only to those reasons, and NOT to seek the prevention of interference with, or inconvenience caused by, neighboring equipment, nor to serve as a mechanism to regulate or restrict in any other way, the speech or other content of the transmissions, including of encrypted audio, data, and other information; They shall have the power to designate specific and limited sections of the radio spectrum for transmission of emergency services, and punish transmitting violators operating in these restricted bands if damage or injury results due to their interference.

SECTION. 5.

Each year every member of the State legislature shall spend at least one consecutive day and night in a standard cell inside a randomly selected State prison that is located inside their State.

No State shall make any law that applies to the citizens in their State that does not apply equally to the Members of the government in their State.

SECTION. 6.

The State legislatures are empowered to veto the Federal legislature. If the legislatures of two-thirds of the states pass resolutions against a federal law, the federal law shall be sent back to Congress and require a two-thirds vote of Congress to make it law again. Any provision of law or regulation of Pacifica may be repealed by the several States. If three-fourths of the several States' legislatires approve resolutions for this purpose that particularly describe the same provision or provisions of law or regulation to be repealed, then the law shall be repealed, and Congress cannot resurrect it (although they could pass a different law and try again later). There should be at least one year before a federal law goes into effect, in which time two-thirds or three-fourths of the states can act to prevent the law from going into effect or remaining. No government entity or official may take any action to enforce a provision of federal law after it is abrogated according to this provision. Any action to enforce a provision of abrogated federal law may be enjoined by a Federal, Territorial, State, or Local court of general jurisdiction in the State where the enforcement action occurs, and costs and attorney fees of such injunction shall be awarded against the entity or official attempting to enforce the abrogated provision. States have automatic standing anytime they challenge a Federal law, Executive Order, Presidential decree, policy, et cetera…, in any Federal Court, up to and including the Supreme Court. Also, states will have the right, again with automatic standing, to challenge any Supreme Court decision, directly to the Supreme Court; States shall have the ability to challenge any law they disagree with, without waiting for harm to occur, to them or their citizens; The Challenge may be either to vacate or modify the original decision; Other States are allowed to join the challenge, for or against; there should be a time limit between Challenges, such as the first Challenge should be possible immediately, but after a Challenge is settled, a new Challenge should at least wait for the next session of the Legislature. The purpose of this power is to prevent special interests from getting laws through Congress that the population does not actually agree with.

SECTION. 7.

The Gubernor shall serve as head of the executive branch of each State. The powers, duties, and responsibilities of the Gubernor shall be prescribed by the constitution of their State.

The Gubernor may mobilize and direct the State Guarde or defense force and/or the militia in response to state emergencies, invasion, attack, unjust rebellion, or insurrection.

SECTION. 8.

There shall be established, within the States of Pacifica, a unified [Pacifican] State Guarde ([C]SG), composed of citizen volunteers and professional personnel, organized under the authority of the respective Gubernors of the Pacifican States. (a) The State Guarde shall be under the exclusive peacetime command of the Gubernors of the Pacifican States, who shall coordinate mutual aid, training, and operations through a Pacifica Defense Council. (b) The  head Executive [consulate] of Pacifica may mobilize the State Guarde for national emergencies, defense against foreign invasion, or to suppress insurrection, provided such mobilization is in accordance with federal law, and the consent of the Pacifica Defense Council except in cases of direct and imminent threat to state security. The mission of the State Guarde shall encompass all forms of national and state defense, including but not limited to: Defense against foreign invasion or attack, Protection of the constitutional order and civil society from illegitimate insurrection or coup, Disaster response and humanitarian relief, Riot control and restoration of public order, Support for local law enforcement and emergency services, as authorized by state law. The State Guarde shall be trained and equipped to operate in decentralized, community-based units, capable of rapid mobilization and independent action, in accordance with the principles of resilience and local empowerment as articulated in this Constitution. Members of the State Guarde shall be protected from deployment outside the Pacifican States except by act of Congress in a military emergency where there are insufficient military personnel or in response to direct threats to Pacifica within the exclusive economic zone surrounding its jurisdiction. The State Guarde shall not be used for purposes of political suppression or to infringe upon the rights of the people to lawfully/justly assemble and petition for redress of grievances. Congress and the legislatures of the Pacifican States shall have the authority to enact laws and regulations necessary to implement this provision, consistent with its intent and the principles of [anti]-federalism.

SECTION. 9.

The powers, duties, and responsibilities of the Judiciary shall be prescribed by the constitution of their State.

SECTION. 10.

All People in the Jurisdictions of Pacifica shall be entitled to all the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities of all other People in any other Jurisdiction of the Pacifica, including, among other privileges, to bear true allegiance to the Constitution and the laws of Pacifica, and to be protected in Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness.

The Citizens of each State and the Territories of Pacifica shall be entitled equally to all the Rights, Privileges, and Immunities of Citizens in and of each of the Several States, and the Territories of Pacifica, including complete reciprocity in the protection and benefit of the laws and programs from one State to another, and within any State between them, if there be any;-And, among other privileges, to bear true allegiance to the Constitution and the laws of Pacifica made in accordance therewith;-And to be protected in Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to defend others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the Pursuit of Happiness.

SECTION. 11.

British Columbia and the Yukon Territory, in addition to Baja California, acceding to this federation, and adjoining in the measures of Pacifica, shall be admitted into, and entitled to all the advantages of this Union.

New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within the Jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be formed by the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress, or as may be prescribed otherwise by this constitution for the purposes of sub-states.

Congress may purchase lands from foreign territories for the purposes of incorporation into the Union;

The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to Pacifica; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of Pacifica, or of any particular State.

Any Pacifican territory established beyond Earth’s atmosphere shall be governed under the principles of this Constitution, ensuring the protection of individual rights, self-governance, and non-aggression.

Congressional Districts shall be determined regionally, across State Lines. Congress is prohibited from gerrymandering Districts.

SECTION. 12.

Pacifica shall guarantee to every State in this Union a [constitutionally empowered in addition to restrained] [Progressive-Libertarian]-Social-Democratic-Republican syncretic form of government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion and Attack; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic Violence (generally, not statutory).

Whenever the federal government shall fail to provide for or maintain border security or to defend them from invasion or attack, or from domestic violence, the states shall be automatically granted the Power and Responsibility to do the same, and may deputize Citizens through the Gubernor or county Sheriff's granted Authority by the State Executor to secure/defend it/them, and whenever both shall fail to provide for the same, the People shall be free to secure/defend themselves and these precepts, including with force as needed, in conformity to their rights to engage in Militia duties;

ARTICLE XII

SECTION. 1.

For all legislative sessions and Jury deliberations, as a symbol and act of tranquility, grounding, and unity, a peace pipe will be packed with Cannabis flower, hashish, or a combination of them, and passed upon a circle of participating members to the left hand side, who may either choose to smoke it or pass it to the next member. Once all members are satisfied with their level of awareness, they may then proceed in their course of legal action from there. Recesses shall be supplemented with cannabis cigarettes, which shall be referred to as duchies, and left to each member to consume as they shall so see fit. Religious exemptions may be filed if reasonably articulated. If a member has legitimate disqualifying medical condition/s related to the properties of such smoke, they shall be found exempt from the need to directly participate in this ceremony, but will be required to be telepresent by video-call until the ceremony concludes.

SECTION. 2.

Dosing on psilocybin or lysergic acid diethylamide tartrate shall be required before declarations of war in order to promote empathy, long-term vision, and ego-free decision-making. The only exception to this will be for individuals who are at risk of psychiatric break, have a religious objection which is reasonably articulated on file, or are medically exempted, but either shall be required to be present at the same time that the remainder of public members participate in the psychedelic ritual before declaration of war, as a means to promote peace and clear minded choices. They are encouraged to invite their enemies to participate in the ritual before a formal declaration of war.

ARTICLE XIII

That the true Purpose of government is to secure the People and their Rights from assault and infringement, there shall be conveined, within two years from the ratification of this Constitution, to be a declaration or bill of rights asserting, and securing from encroachment, the essential and unalienable rights of the People in some such manner as follows from the will of them (the People).

SECTION. 0.

All external action starts with the individual self. There is always a requirement of the self to choose to initiate any action. Without a physically tangible form of initiation by the Individual, they cannot interfere with others. People can only ever possibly be coerced/extorted by others, their minds cannot be manually over-ridden.

Every person shall have the right to be free from extortion, defined as any demand for property, money, or services under threat of unlawful harm, coercion, or abuse of official power, whether by private individuals or government authorities. No law, regulation, or official act shall permit or enable the obtaining of property, money, or services by means of threats, intimidation, or abuse of authority, including but not limited to actions "under color of official right". Any person subjected to extortion, whether by private parties or public officials, shall have standing to seek immediate judicial relief and restitution, and all such acts shall be prosecuted as felonies. This right shall not be construed to prohibit lawful negotiation or voluntary exchange, provided no threat of illegal action or misuse of official power is involved.

There are certain natural rights, of which men, when they form a social compact, cannot deprive or divest their posterity; among which are the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquiring, possessing and protecting property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety, as well as to health and [a]religious dignity and worship [or the lack thereof]. That government ought to be instituted for the common benefit, protection, and security of the people; and that the doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary power and oppression is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind.

All Persons are universally endowed un-assaultable un-serverable fundamental inherent un-alienable in-separable in-violate essential omnipresent rights which exist in and at all locations of space and time in any reality, and within all frontiers of any simulations and/or consciousness, for all people, no matter their type or kind, and cannot be negotiated to compromise, transferred, waived, surrendered, suspended, revoked, denied, or otherwise assailed, for any reason whatsoever, except for limited causes and purposes whereupon lawful conviction of a crime by a jury of 12 supervised by a judge, under due process of the law of the land or a lawfully prescribed punishment and/or jury vetted court order, specifying limited terms and conditions, for upon which such restrictions may be placed under a ‘compelling and justified public purpose’ in protecting the rights of another, in conformity to this constitution and also in conformity to the constitution of their State as relevant; No individual shall have their liberty restricted except upon clear and compelling public purpose justified underneath the limitation of power in government and in accordance to all the rights of Persons, and of the People of Pacifica, and of each State.

All natural rights come from the universe, are inherent to the Autonomy/Independence in self-organizing beings as well as to the Creativity of Persons, and in their true state of nature, are equal in all and the same everywhere; Their synthesis in law derives from self-evident principles, NOT from speculative principles, nor from facts; a natural right has no logical necessity, rather, it rests directly or indirectly upon the evidence of experience, and from abstract reason. The purpose of enumerating rights is to formally produce a framework to recognize and protect the People’s, their guest/s'[s], and visitor/s'[s] essential individual characteristic needs for freedom necessary to their primary and all other level functions, namely, for promoting the legal defense of their life, liberty, and property, from any source of usurpation, oppression, and tyranny, whether from the public or private “natural criminal” elements, being those individuals or aggregations of them acting unlawfully or in error, and thereby constituting a “natural injustice”.

There are no rights but those that exist for all people, as Individuals. All rights are based on the truth of self-ownership. No third party can take away an individual’s rights, and no government permission is needed to have and use these rights. The only time rights may sometimes be taken away are in individual cases if required to stop the violator from violating the equal rights of others. Therefore: Rights are those things where the individual is justified in using Force to defend: Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness. Individuals do not need to demonstrate to Government agents or officers/officials that some special need exists in order to exercise a naturally, constitutionally, Common Law, contractually, or legislatively conferred right. No permission is necessary to need to use rights, period. there might be narrow exceptions carved out in law for incompetent youth to require direction by their parents and those restrictions based within the proscribed age ranges for the ability to consent to sexual activities and to engage in the use of [controlled] psychoactive substances, as according to a constitution

That the powers of government may be re-assumed by the people, whensoever it shall become necessary to their happiness: That the rights of the States respectively to nominate and appoint all State officers, and every other power, jurisdiction, and right, which is not by the said Constitution clearly delegated to the Congress of Pacifica, or to the departments of government thereof, remain to the people of the several States, or their respective State governments, to whom they may have granted the same; and that those clauses in the said Constitution, which declare that Congress shall not have or exercise certain powers, do not imply, that Congress is entitled to any powers not given by the said Constitution; but such clauses are to be construed, either as exceptions to certain specified powers, or as inserted merely for greater caution.

That elections of representatives in the Legislature ought to be free and frequent — and all men having sufficient evidence of permanent common interest with and attachment to the community, ought to have the right of suffrage: And no aid, charge, tax, or fee, can be set, rated or levied upon the people, without their own consent, or that of their representatives, so elected; nor can they be bound by any law, to which they have not in like manner, assented for the public good.

Each individual person has the right to maintain and control his or her own LIFE, FREEDOM, and Personal PROPERTY.

FORCE is only sometimes justified, and in such instance, is used in order to defend someone’s Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness; Since GOVERNMENTS naturally grow over time, this Constitution forbids that growth, so that the least amount of FORCE needed is used (to defend Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness) and the greatest amount of FREEDOM is preserved; All people are permitted to arm themselves with whatever weapons they believe is needed to defend themselves and others, with the exception of nuclear, radiological, chemical, biological, massively destructive, or any other “unjust weapon/s”. Private PROPERTY owners are permitted to further restrict weapons within their boundaries for the safety of themselves, their PROPERTY, or any other rights, THOUGH BY DOING SO, THEY ARE OBLIGATED TO GUARANTEE [the] Safety of Persons within against all injury they might had been able to avoid by having the means to defend themselves or others; All PROPERTY owners have the right to expel anyone on their PROPERTY, or deny access to their PROPERTY, for any reason they desire, except to militia or governmental law enforcement under presentment of a valid warrant presented to the ingress pole or marker for at least twenty-four hours, where Mail is to be delivered and an officer of law, EMT/paramedic, or fireman is free to go up to in order to request access to the property or issue a notice, unless they have prior explicit consent for the Public Safety Officers of those types to enter their home in exigency, which must be clearly marked. Individuals may disagree with the reason the PROPERTY owner gives or may think the reason is invalid, but this does not justify violating another Person’s PROPERTY.

Neither the GOVERNMENT of Pacifica nor any organization has any rights except for those rights which exist for each individual person; The GOVERNMENT may not use FORCE, except the minimum needed to stop the unjust use of FORCE, MURDER, RAPE, KIDNAPPING, or THEFT (as defined in this Constitution).

Consent must be recorded in a way that it can be proven to the world that consent was indeed given. If individuals are accused of using FORCE, they shall be presumed innocent until proven guilty, but consent is assumed not to have been given unless it can be proven. If individuals are shown to have used FORCE, they must prove their self-security [or freedom of securing others] or self-defense [or freedom of defense of others] justification or else be in violation of the limitation on FORCE, though the State is burdened with the discharge of Evidence to the contrary of a self-security/self-defense claim.

Consent cannot be given to certain subject areas until after a certain age, and are provided here, other than are as elsewise provided by this Constitution:
LIFE: You can give consent regarding your LIFE as an adult class citizen (agree to assisted suicide, et cetera). You can defend your LIFE at any age.
FREEDOM: You can give consent to give up your FREEDOM/LIBERTY by using addictive substances, or trade your own labor for a fixed term or renewable number of them, in exchange for products or services (indentured servitude or debt), et cetera… as an adult class citizen, on condition that an end-date is specified in the contract. (Overcoming addictions acquired will be an individual responsibility.)
PROPERTY: You can give consent regarding PROPERTY (minus your own body) at age 10 (your Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s can provide the consent until that age), including the right to real estate and personal property, but the individuals ability to control, sell or mortgage that property is limited until they reach the age of majority, allowing minors to benefit from property while shielding them from the risks of premature disposition, in accordance with law laid down by the legislature within conformity to this constitution. You can provide un-restricted (I.e. not limited by law) consent regarding your body as an adult class citizen.
Consent can be legally granted to another (like “power of attorney”) if the person wishes, after that person is old enough to legally give that consent themself. Granted consent may be revoked by the Grantor at any time, which process may be defined by law.

In all things, consent is required to be documented in a way that would hold up as evidence in court if needed.

GOVERNMENT shall not have any rights to privacy. GOVERNMENT must provide timely public visibility into all actions it performs; Individuals may choose to implement privacy, but not at the cost of another individual’s rights to his or her own LIFE/Heath, FREEDOM/Liberty/Autonomy/Independence, Self- or Another’s- Security, Self- or Another’s- Defense, or PROPERTY. Privacy is best achieved by the people having control over their own PROPERTY.

There will be no EXTRADITION from Pacifica. The GOVERNMENTS of foreign nations which seek individuals, currently in Pacifica, who broke those foreign nation’s laws, may choose to arrest them in their respective nations, but they should not come to Pacifica seeking to arrest those people in Pacifica unless they themselves desire to be arrested, neither should they expect Pacifica to EXTRADITE said individuals.

Representatives of foreign nations are welcome to visit the territories of Pacifica, with consent from the federal district or State which they wish to be present, as long as they abide by the laws of the respective jurisdictions of Pacifica [including sub-States] and do not threaten another individual’s LIFE, FREEDOM, or PROPERTY. No individual, including the representatives of other nations, in Pacifica are given special rights that are not also equally available to all individuals within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, or of the State in question. Representatives of other nations will be required to abide by laws in accordance with this Constitution of Pacifica, just like everyone else.

Any use of FORCE or GOVERNMENT action not justified in this Constitution is forbidden and is in violation of individual rights; Any laws/regulations/executive-orders/et_cetera passed in Pacifica that are in conflict with this Constitution or otherwise repugnant to it are considered null, void, and invalid, and shall not be recognized by Pacifica’s courts, security forces (police, army, et cetera), or residents.

It is the greatest civic duty of the People for them to preserve and protect the equal rights of others [whom are non-aggressors], even in the case of perhaps disagreeable, though nonetheless just conduct, of an Individual through the exercise of their rights. All people have the freedom from retaliation for exercising any of their rights, guarantees, or privileges. Both public and private actors/parties owe an obligation to any other entity they may interact or transact with to uphold the mutual natural and constitutional rights in the other or others, animals, and nature.

The freedoms and rights guaranteed to the People by this Constitution shall be maintained by the constant endeavor of the People.

No one shall be excluded from a Public place on account of exercising their rights, including them carrying arms, protest, disability including mental illness, or exercising their religion peaceably.

SECTION. 0.5.

The rights protected by this Constitution shall be the highest authority of law throughout Pacifica, and all governmental functions & actions or laws produced therewith, as well as all contractors with the government, and those cooperating with either, therefore shall be subordinate to them. This government shall at all times strictly adhere and be held accountable to uphold “Just Naturalism”, meaning Natural Rights, Natural Justice, and the Independence/Autonomy of Persons, Animals, and Nature (I.e. the "Environment").

The rights protected by the Constitution of Pacifica are the rights of natural Persons and do not extend to for-profit corporations, limited liability companies, or other artificial entities established for business purposes or to promote business interests under the laws of any State, Pacifica, or any foreign State. People, Peoples, Person, Persons, Individual, or Individuals as used in this Constitution does not include corporations, limited liability companies, or other artificial entities established by the laws of any State, Pacifica, or any foreign State, and such commercial entities established under law are subject to such regulation as the People, through their elected State and Federal representatives in the legislative process, deem reasonable and are otherwise consistent with the powers of government under this Constitution, and do not limit the freedom of speech or the press.

All Persons are born equally free and independent and have certain natural, essential, inherent, absolute, self-regulating, and unalienable rights and powers stemming from therewith, among which may be reckoned the right of enjoying and defending their lives and liberties; of acquiring, possessing, and protecting property; and of seeking and obtaining their safety, health, and happiness; in all just ways. In enjoying these rights, all Persons recognize corresponding responsibilities. All persons are entitled to the full and unrestrained use of all their natural and acquired powers and capacities; but such use by the individual, or by aggregations of individuals, shall never extend to infringement upon, or abridgment of, the same use in other persons. Rights are neither collective nor additive in character, and no group can possess rights in excess of those belonging to its individual members. In accordance to Just Authority doctrine, rights cannot be removed or reduced, even through popular will by initiative or referendum.

Every generation is equal in rights to generations which preceded it, including to self-determination and self-governance, by the same rule that every individual is born equal in rights with his contemporary; Whether or not Individuals and Governments will heed to these rights and conduct themselves within the limitation in their actions drawn up around them by the rights of others does not invalidate that rights are inherent in Personhood and Nature itself.

Universal unalienable natural rights to life, liberty, property, self-ownership, and pursuit of justice and happiness inhere in every individual from birth, vesting moral primacy in the rights-holder as the sole legitimate decider over their exercise, absent aggression toward others. Sagacity and capacity naturally evolve and improve on an individual basis, a gradual process no mere law can define or enforce without inherent fault or arbitrariness or exception in fact+virtue. No external authority, paternalistic or otherwise, may justly override this sovereignty through subjective assessments; instead, parents provide the initial best determination of readiness, while courts intervene upon petition by the individual [subjected] (child or youth below age of majority) for restoration of exercise, injunction permissive in favour towards rights, or a finding of emancipatory competence and stability. This principle demands tolerance for harm-free expressions of liberty, ensuring civil order rests on voluntary consent and contextual judgment rather than rule by supposed superiors.

The People of Pacifica have the sole and exclusive right of governing themselves, as a free nation, composed of sovereign and independent States; and to alter and abolish their Constitutions and form of government whenever they may deem it necessary to their Safety in Life and Protection of their Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Security and Defense against aggressors violating their or another’s Rights, Privacy, protecting the just procurement and defense of Property, and Happiness, provided, such change be not repugnant to the core [constitutionally restrained] Republican and anti-feudal neo-libertarian values of the Constitution of Pacifica [as first ratified and as may be amended]; There is no requisite that their constitutions be Socially Democratic as envisioned by the original Constitution of Pacifica, but their composition should always protect the rights and interests of the People as Individuals through a ‘Constitutional Republic’, rather than conform to “the whims of a majority”, as found in a ‘Pure Democracy’, as there is no greater minority than the Individual.

The community has the right, under this Constitution, to organize and maintain government, by which every Individual shall be protected in the exercise of personal rights, and prevented from interfering with those of others; But by organizing government the people shall surrender no rights.

The essence of fundamental rights are inviolable.

Fundamental rights must be upheld throughout the legal system. Whoever acts on behalf of the state is bound by fundamental rights and is under a duty to contribute to their implementation. Fundamental rights may not be negotiated away, regardless of frontier, circumstance, or other reason.

The People shall not be prevented from enjoying any of the fundamental human rights. These fundamental human rights guaranteed to the People by this Constitution shall be conferred upon the People of this and future generations as eternal and inviolate rights.

At all times, the natural rights of the People as Individuals shall trump any aspect of function in or execution of government, at either the National or State level.

The authorities shall ensure that [fundamental] rights, where appropriate, apply to interactions and relationships among private persons; To the extent that one enters contracts through with which one transfers away some aspect of their dominion of [such] rights, they at all times retain the option of rightful exit out of such a contract that restores those rights immediately, though they may be subject to restitution for damages or repayment for received goods or services rendered by such contract which were not reciprocated by its terms, subject to judicial review and discretion insofar as the reasonableness of the contract and its penalty for severance. In general, contracts cannot mute unalienable rights, and only in narrow cases justified by the fair reciprocation of interests may contracts temporarily bar one from exercise in the interest of mutual benefit, until the point in time which the contract may be severed. Assent or consent alone are not justifications for a contract to cause deprivation of rights, and the justification for any deprivation must be plainly written out in the terms of the contract including the reasoning and rationale behind such restriction, as well as delineating in simple terms the benefits and limitations placed upon all party/ies subject to its terms, including by clearly naming the interests that benefit from such reduction and the ways they benefit from them.

The [fundamental] rights enshrined in this Constitution shall not be prohibited, restricted, compromised, abridged, or overridden in pursuance of a/n organization’s, institution’s, business’, company’s, firm’s, corporation’s, or other artificial entities’ inclination/s. At all times, the natural rights of the People as Individuals shall trump any aspect of function in or execution of any privately or publicly operated institution, within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, or within any facility, fort, or installation under its direction.

All of the People shall be respected by the government, under law, as Individuals. Everyone possesses the natural right to Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, and nobody under any circumstance shall be circumvented from one’s rights. The natural rights to Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, shall, to the extent that it does not [demonstrably and directly] interfere with the People’s, their guest[s]’s, and Visitor[s]’s, welfare, then shall be the supreme consideration in legislation and in other governmental affairs, and for which rights at no point at time shall be de-based or discarded as pertinent in the issues of law which may arise under this Constitution or any legislation or ruling of common law made in accordance therewith.

Human life shall be secured by law from violation/assault. The dignity of the human being is sacrosanct. Every Person’s moral and physical integrity shall be inviolable.

The ultimate human dignity to determine the time, place, and manner of one’s death and disposal shall not be denied or abridged by Pacifica or by any Territory, District, County, other Locality, or State. All People are ensured a right to a decent cremation, burial, or composting (by mixing with soil or integrating into a bio-urn), and to choose the location of such [spreading of] ashes, burial, or compost, as will be carried out by their Family, Legal Guardian/s, Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s, or designated Friend/s, unless there is no living Family, Legal Guardian, Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s, or Designated Friend/s, then such cremation, burial, or composting (by mixing cremated remains with soil or integrating into a bio-urn) will be paid for and completed through the State in which they were born or which they were originally Naturalized within, as according to the deceased Citizen’s last testament and will for final disposition.

All People are equal before the law, in accordance to this constitution. They have equal public rights and duties. There can be no discrimination between them in that regard. The highest Duty of all Autonomous Entities is to obey the Universal obligation to “live honestly, to hurt no one, to give to every one his due” towards every other.

Everyone in Pacifica shall enjoy equal rights and freedoms, regardless of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, as is defined by this constitution.

No one shall be privileged, favored, prejudiced, deprived of any right, or exempted from any duty, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, as may be defined by this constitution.

No law shall be passed granting to any citizen or class of citizens privileges or immunities, which, upon the same terms, shall not equally belong to all citizens.

Neither Pacifica nor any State, Territory, or any other Jurisdiction under their dominion, shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge any of the Rights, Privileges, or Immunities of the Citizens of Pacifica or of any State therein, as defined by this constitution; nor shall Pacifica or any State disable the exercise or deprive any Person of Life and health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom of securing others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, without the defendant having first been being irrefragably proven through supplementation of irrefutable evidence to have deprived or intended to deprive the equal right/s of another Person, and only through due process of law, non-absentia, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve; nor deny to any Person within its jurisdiction, or within any facility, fort, or installation under its direction, the equal protection of the laws.

Equality of rights under the law [made in accordance with this constitution] shall not be denied or abridged by Pacifica or by any State, Territory, or other Jurisdiction under their dominion, on account of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition. Congress and each State shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

This Constitution explicitly rejects Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion ("DEI") and its principles as well as Marxist origins, which mandate group-based quotas, preferences, and engineered outcomes to enforce proportional representation regardless of individual merit, as fundamentally contrary to a fair and open civil society grounded in the rule of law and just naturalism. DEI undermines the rule of law by prioritizing collective identities over impartial justice, violating equal protection through discriminatory remedies that favor some groups at others' expense; just naturalism, rooted in the inherent dignity and unequal capacities of free individuals, justifies liberty for a Free People by affirming that natural hierarchies emerge from voluntary effort and competence, not coercive leveling, thereby fostering true prosperity through personal responsibility and innovation rather than resentment and stagnation. Governmental bodies, public services, employment, education, and contracts shall enforce strictly classless, color-blind, as well as sex/gender-unbiased content-neutral policies that eliminate systemic obstacles via meritocratic standards applied equally to all, unleashing the full potential of Pacifica's people.

A person's rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees do not end when they exercise a privilege or receive a governmentally disbursed benefit. No Good, Service, or Benefit, or Privilege derived from the Government shall be require or otherwise seek to sacrifice the Right/s, Immunit[y]/ies, Guarantee/s, or Privilege/s of any Individual.

The claim and exercise of a constitutional right cannot be converted into a crime. No law shall obstruct or penalize the free exercise of rights, privileges, and guarantees protected/provided through/under this Constitution.

The vote of the majority shall never take away the rights of the individual, as listed above, below, and enumerated throughout this Constitution.

Those edicts, frequently cited as ‘laws’, ‘orders’, ‘regulations’, or ‘licenses’, which generally or specially/specifically prohibit any categor[y]/ies of right/s or its/their free exercise and the naturally just effects thereof, are un-constitutional on their face and remain forever invalid, thereby, they shall be instantly rendered null and void in the moment in which they are incited.

Individuals shall not have their rights restricted unless they have been convicted of a criminal act, so far as is necessary for the protection of others [whom are non-aggressors] and to practically affect their sentence of incarceration, nor their lawfully derived property seized (whether [a]spiritual/[a]religious or not), except so far as it is necessary to make restitution to their victim/s and/or to pay the costs of their capture, trial, and housing, or, if it was procured through, or is the gains from, criminal activity or enterprise, but only in the case that they are convicted of a crime through due process of law, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve in a court of law of proper jurisdiction. Limitations or restrictions on the exercise of any of a Person’s rights can only be lawfully enacted and enforced if the Individual is currently [lawfully] incarcerated, on parole or probation, or is subject to a court order restricting specific rights or their modalities for the meaningful protection of others [whom are non-aggressors] for which are in of immediate need of such protection from an active and real/[true] threat against their person, property, or other rights.

We the people reserve the right to be secure within every freedom, the whole of the truth as far as transparency into the operation fo the Public Instrument, and assurance that true justice shall be secured and delivered to the People by their Government, and in equal respect by the Private sector in their own manner as self-organization and volition may allow.

SECTION. 1.

All People have a natural right to Life. Part of the natural right to Life is the natural right to Self-security and Self-defense as well as to voluntarily secure or defend or aid in the security or defense of others [whom are non-aggressors] against the initiation of force, including any violation of rights. The right of Life includes the right to procreate, and to treat and resist one’s own illnesses and to [potentially] have another Person voluntarily assist in treating one’s illnesses, as well as the right to end one’s life such as euthanasia [as an adult or terminally ill minor] (this also covers suicide) or to re-initiate one’s life such as resurrection (also covers porting of consciousness/awareness into a non-activated {non-agent; developed under comatose neural-supression} clone or other lawfully-derived surrogate).

All People have a natural right to Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence. Every Person is free to do that which they will, provided that they infringe not the equal freedom of any other Person. All people have the right to self-determination and Autonomy/Independence.

All people have a natural right to the pursuit of privacy.

All People have a natural right to the pursuit of Happiness. Ideally, anybody can pursue the path they choose to embark upon, to their own peril, and to change the path they embark upon, to their own peril. This also covers not suffering or being inflicted any excessive nor torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, or unusual form of criminal punishment or treatment. Pursuit of happiness shall include the freedom to make for yourself with your efforts, what you love, for yourself, particularly that which reflects a quality of one’s self or what they hope to become; The right to pursuit of happiness includes the right to define what one peruses as their happiness and to define pursuit of happiness for one self. Pursuit of happiness shall include a person’s own personal definition of full independence.

The right of dissent, as well as freedom from governance (liberty), shall [additionally] entail the allowance of a Person to denounce citizenship of any jurisdiction, including that of Pacifica or the several States, without sacrificing their Natural Rights or being denied the rule of Natural Justice, throughout Pacifica or by any entity under its direction; In all cases, Pacifica and the several States shall adhere to a perpetual guarantee of [mutual] non-aggression.

Immigration laws, enforcement powers, and related authorities of foreign states or supranational entities shall have no jurisdiction, authority, or applicability within the territory of Pacifica, nor against any Pacifican Sovereign Person recognized as a Citizen of Pacifica. No agent or instrumentality, internal or external to Pacifica, may undertake any detention, deportation, investigation, or other enforcement action premised on foreign immigration law against a Pacifican Citizen. The rights of Pacifican Citizens are guaranteed, and may not be infringed by any institution or law purporting immigration authority over Pacifican persons or territory. All governmental entities within Pacifica must actively resist, block, and remedy any attempt to subject Citizens of Pacifica to foreign immigration jurisdiction or action, through civil, criminal, and constitutional mechanisms overseen by Pacifican courts. Violations of this provision constitute grounds for judicial relief, reparations, and penalties, enforceable by the Courts of Pacifica by judicial review.

The right of asylum shall be guaranteed to foreigners and Stateless Persons who are the object, or are under grave threat of persecution as a result of their activities in favor of democracy and republicanism, social and national liberation, peace among Peoples, individualism, and freedom or rights of the human Person. Refugees may not be deported or extradited to a state in which they will be persecuted. Refugees who plan on immigrating to Pacifica are obligated under law to Remain within the boundary of the country they are entering into Pacifica from, until they are vetted and passed for entry temporarily while they await permanent Citizenship in some other country or are entered into a Lottery for Naturalization and Citizenship to Pacifica;

No person may be deported to a state in which they face the threat of torture, or any other form of cruel or inhumane treatment or punishment.

That religion, or the duty which we owe to our very own Creation and that of the Universe around Us, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore all people have an equal, natural and unalienable right to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience, and that no particular religious sect or society ought to be favored or established, by law, in preference to others. Congress, the several States, any locality, and all other levels of government, shall make no law, respecting an establishment of any [a]spirituality/[a]religion or superstition, sect, or society, neither establishing any particular denomination of religion in preference to another, nor prohibiting the free exercise thereof, neither shall any national or state religion or church be constructed and/or maintained; or abridging, restricting, prohibiting, or otherwise infringing upon the freedom of speech, the press, or of conscience, association, and choice, no matter its perceived offensiveness, value, or the lack thereof; or the right of the People peaceably to assemble and consult for their common good, to instruct their representatives, protest, and to petition the government for a timely and effective redress of grievances. The rights of electoral participation and political association are fundamental; Political choices and competition are primary interests of the citizenry.

Every person has the right to choose freely their [a]spirituality/[a]religion or their philosophical convictions, and to profess them alone or in community with others. Every person has the right to join or to belong to a [a]spiritual/[a]religious community, and to follow [a]spiritual/[a]religious teachings. No law shall prohibit praying in a Public place, nor provide sanction for the same performance on Private property, in so far as it does not violate the rights of the Property’s owner.

A well educated mass, being necessary to the good spiritual health and intellect of a free world and several Churches, the right of Natural Persons, and Spiritual People, to discover, keep, reject, share, and profess a diversity of religious and spiritual opinions, articles, and information sources, along with experiences, shall not be interfered with. The freedom of Spiritual and Religious beliefs, and their exercise, shall not be obstructed or impaired, insofar as it does not violate anothers rights, by the virtue of Liberty, and by Justice in such case, only shall be denied to the degree which is necessary to secure another’s rights, differences in faith aside.

The right to not practice [a]spirituality/[a]religion or hold [a]spiritual/[a]religious beliefs, freedom from [a]religion/[a]spirituality on one's own Private Property or that which is under their lawful control or subject to such authority, and to promote and/or propagate [a]theism, shall also be upheld.

No Person shall be compelled to take part in any [a]spiritual/[a]religious act. No person may be forced to join or belong to a [a]spiritual/[a]religious community, to participate in a [a]spiritual/[a]religious act, celebration, rite, ritual, practice, or to follow [a]spiritual/[a]religious teachings.

The right to [a]spiritual/[a]religious belief and [a]spiritual/[a]religious practice shall not be denied or abridged, except in the case of violation of any right/s, and only through due process of law, under a unanimous verdict by a jury of twelve, in a court of proper jurisdiction. At the same time, [a]spirituality/[a]religion and [a]spiritual/[a]religious practice may not be used to carry out exploitation and to accumulate private capital, in violation of the law, or to engage in violation of the law in some other way; nor may [a]spiritual/[a]religious Persons, groups, or institutions be granted rights or privileges which do not apply to the People in this Republic in general.

For [a]spiritual/[a]religious beliefs to be protected by law, they do not have to be tied to any [recognized]/[official] faith’s doctrine, so long as they are sincerely held. The government may not burden a person’s exercise of [a]spirituality/[a]religion unless it can prove that relieving the burden would seriously impair an important governmental interest, and that no other means may be made available to achieve those ends. Any law targeting a particular [a]spirituality/[a]religion is per se un-constitutional.

The separation of [a]spirituality/[a]religion as well as superstition, and of ‘the State’, shall be applied, upheld, and enforced; [a]spiritual/[a]religious gatherings, organizations and institutions, or connected affiliates are not allowed to be involved in political activity, including: Participating in/for, or intervening in/against (including the publishing or distributing of statements), a political campaign on behalf of [or in opposition to] any candidate for public office, and endorsing or opposing and advocating or protesting legislation; No governmental body, member, or representative of the government, may advocate, promote, or propagate [a]spirituality/[a]religiosity, through their public office, nor on the other hand suppress or restrict [a]spiritual/[a]religious belief and practice, except in accordance with provisions here and elsewhere in this Constitution, and laws made and enforced in conformity with this Constitution; No functions of the State or of the law may be performed in the name of [a]spiritual/[a]religious or by persons or institutions invoking [a]spiritual/[a]religious authority, including but not limited to [a]spiritual/[a]religious instruction, prayer, hyms, or other s[a]spiritual/[a]religious exercise on public property or within public institutions such as a public school, courtroom, correctional facility, or government agency or department, but this shall not prohibit nor restrict the very same from Private Persons operating in their own Personal Capacity; [a]Spiritualities/[a]Religions shall not be taught in Public/Governmental Schools except from a social, philosophical, and historical perspective, and are not to be delivered or conveyed as fact, but State Institutions are by no means barred from carrying Religious and Spiritual Texts, such as in School, Prison, and City, State, or Federal Libraries, Bookstores or Subscription services operating under the Department of Goods and Services within it’s Jurisdiction, and on Public Broadcasting services, nor shall they prejudice against Private Actors professing beliefs in any of the same which may be furnished in one of these several and other modes, such as commentaries on tape, podcasts, news articles, journalist shows, and documentaries; This provision shall be upheld, so far as it does not interfere or disparage the right of an Individual Person to do the same in an un-official or un-affiliated capacity.

No money raised by Public Donation, nor by the Department of Goods and Services in Congress or any State for the support of public schools, or derived from any public fund therefore, nor any public lands devoted thereto, shall ever be under the control of any [a]spiritual/[a]religious group or sect, nor shall any money so raised or lands so devoted be divided between [a]spiritual/[a]religious groups, sects, or denominations, but this shall not prohibit or restrict the establishment of non-denominational churches for common worship in Jails, Prisons, Psychiatric Institutions, Hospitals, Military Bases, and in the Capitol District of their State or the Federal power.

No [a]spiritual or [a]religious organization or institution shall receive any privileges from Congress, the States, or any Territory, nor within any Facility/Fort/Installation under the direction of them, nor exercise any political authority.

All people shall be secure in the Natural right, to worship [a] deity/ies according to the dictates of their own consciences.

No law shall in any case whatever control the free exercise, and enjoyment of religious opinions, or interfere with the rights of conscience.

No person shall be rendered incompetent as a witness, or juror in consequence of his opinions on matters of religion;  nor be questioned in any Court of Justice touching his religious belief to affect the weight of his testimony.

No law shall abridge the freedom of feeling, thought, conscience, and will/choice or their peaceful expression or dissemination, as in speech, press and other media, artistic depiction, or [a]spiritual/[a]religious practice; nor shall any law promote or hinder any sex, color or race, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, artistic culture, scientific research, or specific community, except as is in line with the principles set forth by this constitution. The freedom to use any language is guaranteed, including those which are informal, or those which are un-recognized by others which includes “the State”.

Media organizations must declare upfront their sponsorship relationships to businesses.

The equal rights in freedom of feeling, belief, thought, conscience, will/choice, expression, and speech shall not be violated. Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and belief without interference, and everyone shall have the right to freedom of formulation and communication. This right includes freedom to seek, receive, gather, and impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing, in print, in the form of art, construction, or through any other medium of one’s choice. Every person has the right freely to form, express, and impart their opinions. Free Expression is an index of the mind, and this Right is primal to the Independence of Persons. No thought, belief, opinion, or idea is ever a crime unto itself. Nobody may be subject to discrimination on behalf of the public body by account of their political ideology, except as neccessary to secure the requirements of this constitution that Members of the Public Body not espouse a belief system which undermines the separation and limitation of powers within Government.

No content‑neutral or viewpoint‑neutral prohibitions on expression or [in other words any form of] communication shall be permitted, even in pursuit of a compelling state interest, except where the expression itself constitutes an actual violation of rights or a demonstrable, imminent threat to violate rights.

The right to speech includes the right of Private Persons to abstain from speaking and to remain silent, so long as one decides, as well as to not be coerced, compelled, compulsed, or otherwise forced into speaking or remaining silent. It also includes the right to listen and for one to be heard [by consenting individuals], so far as it is within one’s right to speak or otherwise communicate; It is only just that the right to listen or read, and the right to be heard or read, both remain consensual, and be treated as one-in-the-same.

Along with the right to speak freely, is the equally poised right of the People to remain silent, and to abstain from engaging in compelled, coerced, compulsed, or otherwise extorted speech, whether in regards towards interactions with public or private entities.

Every person shall have the right to be wrong, to hold and express mistaken opinions, and even to tell falsehoods, without fear of government punishment, except as provided herein. No law shall abridge the freedom of speech, including the right to express opinions or make statements that may be untrue, except where a person intentionally and knowingly communicates false information to another, with the purpose of deceiving, and such deception is the direct and proximate cause of injury or death to a person, animal, sentient artificial being, damage to property, or destruction of the environment. Acts of intentional, harmful deception as described in this provision may be prosecuted in accordance with rules and procedures of due process, consistent with the customs of perjury, false statements, and obstruction of justice as recognized in American law. However, no person shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against themselves, nor deprived of the right to remain silent. This provision shall not be construed to restrict the right to honest error, satire, parody, or the expression of opinion, nor to criminalize mere mistakes or differences in interpretation, belief, or recollection.

[]
[?]No Person shall [rightfully] demand nor be denied the truth, and any Private Person may deny them an answer to any question or inquiry, such as but not limited to their [potential] choices of: Remaining silent, pleading the right to not self-incriminate, or denying furtherance of the conversation or topic/subject-matter; Without regard to the status of their culpability or ‘guilt in fact’ surrounding any action, including unlawful/criminal conduct; Public officials are non-exempted, and cannot deny to answer another the truth upon their inquiry or questioning, while the member of the public body is exercising their official duties in the course of their public service, unless it pertains to their rights as a Criminal defendant or their Private life. This provision shall not impair or impact the artistic performance of an individual or group, nor that of comparative analysis or commentary, and it shall not preclude publishing fictional materials or proposing hypothetical situations if they are denoted as such.[?] Congress shall establish standards for adjudicating deliberate misinformation by Public officials.
[]

No person shall knowingly provide false information or advice, or intentionally mislead another, where such information or advice is acted upon and directly results in physical injury or death to any individual. A violation of this provision, when committed with knowledge or reckless disregard for the truth, shall constitute a felony offense, subject to both criminal penalties and civil liability for damages to each injured party, including any survivors present at the time of their death. Any person who, without intent but through negligence or reckless disregard for factual accuracy, provides false information or advice that is acted upon and results in physical injury or death, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and liable for civil reparations to each injured party. In all cases, the injury or death must be proven by clear, objective, and measurable evidence, with a direct causal link to the false information or advice provided. Criminal conviction under this provision requires proof beyond a reasonable doubt; civil liability requires proof by a preponderance of the evidence. All charges and civil claims under this provision shall be adjudicated by a citizen’s court, composed of randomly selected peers, with no governmental agency involvement beyond the provision of data or evidence. Any data or experimental evidence provided by a government entity must meet high scientific standards: double-blind controls, statistically significant sample sizes, and repeatability, with all raw data made available for independent verification. No person shall be prosecuted or held liable under this Provision for good faith efforts to assist, rescue, or advise another in an emergency, provided their actions are reasonable under the circumstances and not grossly negligent. This provision shall not restrict the free exchange of ideas, opinions, or scientific debate, nor penalize individuals for expressing sincerely held beliefs, except where statements are presented as fact and directly cause proven harm as described above. Each injured party shall have an independent right to bring charges and seek reparations. All enforcement of this amendment shall be consistent with the mutual non-aggression principle: no person’s liberty or property shall be reduced except as a direct response to proven, initiated harm. No law or regulation enacted under this amendment shall establish any governmental body or agency with authority to determine “truth” or censor speech beyond the scope of proven, direct harm as outlined herein.

The right to question and/or challenge, criticize and/or chastise, not respect and/or disrespect, as well as loathe and/or hate, shall not be denied or abridged by Pacifica, nor permitted to be denied or abridged by any other through the laws of Pacifica.

The right of each individual to generate and project sound through natural, mechanical, or electronic amplification in spaces held open to public discourse shall be deemed an inviolable extension of free expression, constrained only where the government can demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that such amplified sound constitutes an objective and direct threat to public safety, peace, or the physical integrity of persons or essential systems. Any law or administrative regulation purporting to govern amplified sound must be narrowly and demonstrably tailored to mitigate only those specific harms universally recognized and objectively measurable: namely, the emission of sound levels known to inflict permanent hearing loss or material injury; sustained interference with emergency or infrastructural operations essential to both individual and collective safety; or deliberate, targeted disruption of lawful assembly or ordinary domestic quiet during commonly accepted hours of rest. No ordinance shall condition the permissibility of sound upon the content, viewpoint, intensity, emotional register, or popularity of the expression, nor shall irritation, offensiveness, or personal discomfort of listeners constitute disorder or nuisance. The threshold at which sound may be deemed lawfully excessive shall correspond to demonstrable physical injury or structural risk, evaluated in context with ambient conditions, locality, and hour, with the evidentiary burden borne entirely by the enforcing authority. Amplified sound whose generating apparatus operates at thirty-five watts root-mean-square [per second] (35P RMS/s), or whose acoustic power output does not exceed eighty-four decibels at one meter (84dB@1m), or is plainly audible no more than thirty meters (30m) beyond the source, whichever is greater, and which is not audible inside of a dwelling which is not the source of the sound during the common sleeping hours, shall constitute rightful noise in all circumstances and enjoy full protection under this Provision, immune from any punitive or discriminatory regulation except upon proof of clear and present harm to life, health, or property. Individuals possess the enduring liberty to defend their person, habitation, or bodily autonomy from actual injury caused by abusive or dangerously excessive sound, but such recourse shall never abridge the natural right of others to lawful expression. The government shall bear the affirmative duty to prove any alleged nuisance or disorder through irrefutable evidence of real and proximate harm, and no enforcement action may rest upon conjecture, aesthetic aversion, or collective discomfort. The peaceful amplification of voice, art, or idea within ordinary waking hours shall never be deemed unconstitutional noise unless the aggrieved claimant meets the highest evidentiary threshold of irrefragable proof of tangible damage. Those finding themselves discomforted by rightful and lawful sound amplification retain at all times the reciprocal liberty to exercise locomotion, to relocate themselves and/or their possessions, or to insulate their property from sound intrusion.

The People possess the freedom to inquire into any subject with which one has the lawful authority to obtain the results, such as may be permitted by another who has the right to such information, and as according to the proprietor in cases of personal information, and the People possess the right to research and discovery, including scientific and inventive freedom.

The rights to freedom of [a]spirituality/[a]religion, conscience, thought, opinion, and speech, as is with other forms of liberty, are in themselves not right/s to censor or otherwise infringe on the freedom of [a]spirituality/[a]religion, conscience, thought, opinion, and speech, or any other libert[y]/ies, of another.

No Authority ought, in any case whatever, to control or interfere with the rights of conscience and thought, and no preference shall be given in law. But it shall be the duty of the legislature to pass such laws as may be necessary to protect equally every denomination of opinion and thought in the peaceable enjoyment and just defense of its own modes of public display of such conscience and ideas.

Freedom of consciousness, including the freedom from mind altering substances one does not consent to, can never be rightfully suspended, even in cases of punishing convicted natural criminals. The People have the right to be free from Mind Control, and any other form of mental coercion or intimidation, and manipulation of a person’s consciousness, regardless of its purpose for deployment, including punishing crime, except as may be permitted under the rules and laws governing the theory of consent; Mind control and mental manipulation are the highest possible crimes (higher than murder), since they are the fountain from which springs forth all misunderstandings and insanity, and of with which entices people to do terrible things because they were drawn to the wrong conclusions by some external force which directly interfered with their free and independent thinking. Without sanctity of the domicile of one’s mind, there can be no free choice, and no person who has been found to be directly afflicted by mind control shall be held liable for their actions, but rather their handlers/manipulators/controllers shall be held accountable, and be brought to Justice by life in prison; Un-consented mind control is not ever justifiable, for any purpose whatsoever, and as with all other forms of consent, any willingful submission to it may be revoked at any time.

We the People reserve the right to freedom of thought including to expand our consciousness with or without technology or drugs to enhance our human and spiritual experience/s, where appropriate.

Pacifica and the several States shall promote the development of privacy-preserving technologies, such as decentralized AI and encrypted communication systems, to protect individual autonomy and freedom.

Freedom of the press, radio, television, internet, and all other forms of dissemination of features and information by means of public and private communications is guaranteed. Censorship, distortion, or suppression by the government of naturally lawful information and communications is prohibited. The protection of a journalist’s or reporter’s sources shall be guaranteed by law. This provision shall not preclude the enforcement of protective pornography laws which protect minors.

No level of government or public employee in Pacifica, nor any contracted through them, shall require, mandate, or enforce the implementation, embedding, transmission, or recognition of any content rating control systems, codes, or associated technologies in software, hardware, broadcasts, streams, local files, or any media distribution method. This protects the People's right to unrestricted access and use of purchased media without state-imposed content controls or censorship mechanisms.

[]
The right of the people to be free from pervasive censorship is fundamental and shall not be infringed throughout Pacifica; accordingly, an anti-censorship principle shall govern by default, under which all expressive works and communications, including but not limited to movies, music, images, video games, computer programs, books, television programming, streaming and internet-based services, social media platforms, email and short messaging or multimedia messaging services, RCS, fax, telephone communications, audio+video over internet protocol, IRC and XMPP, Matrix chat, and all other forms of media, transmission, or artistic or personal expression, shall remain fully accessible, uncensored, unbiased content presentation and/or delivery, and unaltered for adults in their creation, publication, distribution, transmission, sale, and possession, and no law, regulation, policy, practice, or private agreement shall impose or enable censorship, whether directly or indirectly, by any public or private authority; any system of ratings, labeling, moderation, or advisory designation shall be informational only and shall not restrict, condition, or deny access to adults; any censorship, restriction, content filtering, or abridgment shall be permissible solely on an individualized and voluntary basis, whether for the limited purpose of governing materials or communications furnished to minors under the age of majority and unemancipated through the informed direction and active participation of a parent, guardian, or lawful custodian, or for adults who knowingly and affirmatively elect to receive abridged, filtered, politically correct, or modified versions of works as a matter of personal preference; no centralized, categorical, or preemptive censorship regime shall be established or enforced by the State, commercial entities, industries, platform operators, or service providers; all filtered, modified, or abridged versions of content shall exist only as optional, user-directed implementations and shall not replace, obscure, or function as a substitute for the availability of the original, complete, and uncensored work; the rights of artists, performers, authors, and all creators of expressive works to present and disseminate their creations in their original, intended, and uncensored form are hereby secured, and no contract, license, employment agreement, or other private arrangement shall be enforceable to the extent that it compels, authorizes, or results in the censorship, alteration, suppression, or misrepresentation of a work contrary to the expressed intent of its creator; adults retain the unrestricted right to access, obtain, possess, transmit, and furnish uncensored works and communications, including to wards under their care according to their judgment; This Provision shall be construed in accordance with natural rights and the pursuit of natural justice, and any exception shall be narrowly construed so as to preserve the primacy of individual liberty in addition to the freedom of information and other associated sub-components under the super-category of natural rights and pursuit of justice, and to affirm that the protection and guidance of minors is the responsibility of the parent, guardian, or lawful custodian, and not of any centralized public or private authority. This Provision shall not bar the government from criminalization of child sexual assault material and RedRoom murder media, or other unlawfully derived sexual assault and/or real gore as well as actual human or animal torture material. It is far beyond the intention of this Provision to create an enforceable right of censorship through the use of force, but it shall not exempt parties who attempt to circumvent parental censorship from civil damages.
[]

Freedom of artistic/creative expression is guaranteed. Simulations of illegal activities (which would if really occurring themselves be convictable as criminal offenses), are acceptable if they are intended towards the accurate and suitable/meaningful depiction of an artistic/creative work, except in the case of their use in publicly displayed commercial advertisements, which regulation of such public displays are left to the Legislatures of either or both Congress and the Several States, as far as it is with the proper Jurisdiction for either, to potentially regulate or prohibit by law, uniformly in each case.

The People have the right to control over their own likeness and image or that which resembles or bears similarity to oneself, from voice to image, and all other forms and kinds of representation, in accordance to other rights of the People, which information is acquired privately or by a private person and is placed on public display or shared publicly with others, or used for bio-metrics, surveillance, or other dubious purposes which affects the rights of an individual. This provision shall not impair the right of individuals to generate deep fakes or face swaps from lawfully acquired images, even if those images generated are used to depict unlawful acts or acts involving minors, or both; An interest of the state will exist to punish violations in the categories of publicity, privacy, copyright, or creation of images bearing resemblance to another with intent to harass or intimidate/coerce, humiliate/embarrass, or damage/injure, and the victim must have actually experienced harm caused by the work.

All People are entitled to equitable and egalitarian access to networks, electronic services, and media; To neutrality towards data source and content;-And To operate [within all lawful ways] an information system un-obstructed. No Person shall be subject to circumvention within their right to fair access of accurate information.

The right to freedom of data and all other types of information (where attained lawfully), shall also prohibit the restriction of a person obtaining and/or viewing and/or distributing material based upon the obtainer’s/viewer’s/distributor’s age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, except as is in accordance for the protection of the interests of minors in following after the laws set forth through this constitution.

Freedom of assembly is guaranteed. Every person has the right to organize meetings and to participate or not to participate in meetings.

No law shall abridge the right to assemble peacefully, or to instruct their representatives, including the peaceful assembly or presence in the halls of the legislature, courts of justice, and executive office/s, of armed Individuals, nor shall any law rescind the right of the assembled and instructing/communicating People to defend themselves from the unjust use of force upon them, including defense against the unjust use of force by any members of government.

The right to peaceful assembly without prior permissions, and [if desired] armed for self-defense, defense of others, and defense of property and other rights; Meetings in plazas, streets, and other public spaces will be conducted according to the law without license, permit, or delay.

Freedom of association is guaranteed. Every person has the right to form, join or belong to an association and to participate in the activities of an association. No person may be compelled to join or to belong to an association.

Explicit voluntary association/disassociation is the only means by which binding obligations may be created, and claims based on association/disassociate or relationships to which any party did not validly consent are empty and invalid. No law shall abridge the right of freedom of association; any Person may associate or transact with any other Person or refuse to associate or transact with any other Person for any reason, and the proprietor or lawful possessor of any movable or immovable property may exclude or refuse admission to any other Person, so long as either are not on the basis of free exercise of another’s or others’ rights as protected by this Constitution or as may be laid down by law underneath it. This shall extend to the freedom from being compelled into Military service.

No Person shall be convicted of any criminal offense by virtue of mere association with other Persons suspected or found guilty of the same or related offense; some form of active participation must be proven before the Court. Neither shall any Person be convicted of any criminal offense for merely considering potential commitment of an offense, whether by himself or herself or together with others, but some form of active planning must be proven before the Court; nor shall any Person be convicted of any criminal offense which would not require any form of guilty mind as a mens rea.

Individuals [and their businesses] whom are operating outside of an official governmental capacity are free to discriminate against others as they see fit, including against any class which may be protected against governmental discrimination, whether if within a Public or Private place, insofar as their Natural Rights and Powers may admit, from using racist language to not providing bakery or tattoo services to homosexuals, and all else that may be done justly, though contentiously.

Every person has the right, without prejudice, to petition the authorities. The authorities must acknowledge receipt of such petitions. The government shall have a timely, uniform, and universally accessible grievance Process, with not more than 4 levels to reach the attorney general, each level with not more than 14 total days of turnaround.

No Person shall be compelled to participate in any patriotic act, celebration, rite, ritual, or practice, nor be barred from the same.

The natural right of a Person to be naked in view of or within a Public or Private place shall be upheld. A Person commits an act of public indecency if while in, or in view of, a public place, the Person performs a sexual act or exposes oneself with intent of arousing the sexual desire of their Person or another Person.

SECTION. 1.5.

The Right to Be Free from Disturbance

Subsection 1. Fundamental Principle

Every person possesses an inherent, self-evident, and self-regulating right to exist, rest, move, gather, decide, and live without unjustified disturbance. This right arises from the natural autonomy of the person and shall not be granted, revoked, conditioned, or withdrawn by any authority.

All interpretations of this Section shall preserve the primacy of individual liberty, including the freedom to think, behave, associate, refuse, or exist in ways others may not understand, approve of, or prefer.

Subsection 2. Definition of Disturbance

“Disturbance” means any intentional or negligent act that results in substantial, undue, or coercive disruption of a person’s physical presence, mental state, habitation, or lawful activity, including conditions that produce severe or intense stress, fear, disorientation, deprivation, or forced movement.

Ordinary, incidental, or socially expected stress arising from everyday interactions, disagreement, or lawful activity shall not, by itself, constitute disturbance under this Section.

No act shall be considered disturbance solely because a person’s behavior is unusual, nonconforming, self-directed, or reflective of disability, illness, belief, or personal choice.

Disturbance includes, but is not limited to:
(a) Forced displacement from a place of rest or shelter without provision of safe and adequate alternatives;
(b) Harassment, intimidation, escalation, or repeated unwanted engagement that results in substantial disruption or severe stress;
(c) Seizure, destruction, or destabilization of personal belongings essential to survival, regulation, or dignity;
(d) Intentional use of sound, light, chemical agents, environmental manipulation, or physical presence to significantly disrupt rest, sleep, orientation, or peace;
(e) Logging, surrveillance, or monitoring that materially interferes with free association, expression, exercise of rights, or psychological stability absent individualized cause;
(f) Coercive, confusing, or destabilizing interventions against individuals experiencing mental, physical, cognitive, or economic vulnerability without due process and least-restrictive alternatives;
(g) Conduct that would reasonably be understood to provoke, inflame, or escalate a person experiencing mental or behavioral distress into a state of severe dysregulation.

Subsection 3. Disturbance as Abuse

Any disturbance that exploits, overrides, or interferes with a person’s inherent capacity for self-regulation, particularly through the imposition of severe or destabilizing stress, shall constitute an abuse of the person.

Abuse includes, but is not limited to:
(a) Knowingly or recklessly escalating a person in mental or emotional distress into a heightened or crisis state;
(b) Imposing demands, commands, or compliance conditions that are unreasonable, unattainable, or disproportionate to a person’s physical, cognitive, or situational capacity, including impossible or self-contradictory demands placed upon the disabled, elderly, or impaired;
(c) Substituting external control for a person’s own decision-making absent lawful justification under Subsection 5;
(d) Using authority, presence, or environmental pressure to induce panic, confusion, submission, or breakdown;
(e) Penalizing a person for manifestations of disability, illness, trauma, poverty, or self-directed behavior;
(f) Creating or maintaining conditions that foreseeably lead to severe disorientation, regression, or loss of self-regulation.
No claim of administrative convenience, social preference, perceived normalcy, or generalized order shall justify such abuse.

Subsection 4. Protected Status of Persons

All persons are equally protected under this Section, with heightened protection afforded to individuals whose condition increases susceptibility to coercion, escalation, or severe disturbance, including but not limited to:
(a) Children and families;
(b) Elderly persons;
(c) Persons with disabilities or medical conditions;
(d) Persons experiencing mental or behavioral health conditions;
(e) Persons without stable housing;
(f) Lawfully present non-citizens, including refugees and asylum seekers.

Heightened protection shall not diminish autonomy, but shall reinforce the presumption that such individuals are entitled to greater freedom from severe or coercive interference.

Subsection 5. Presumption of Liberty and Lawful Basis for Interference

All persons shall be presumed competent in their own self-regulation and shall have the right to remain undisturbed in their chosen place and manner of living.

No government actor shall disturb a person unless the person is engaged in conduct that constitutes:
(a) An imminent and specific threat of physical harm to another person; or
(b) A clear and articulable violation of the rights of another person; or
(c) An otherwise unlawful act established by valid law consistent with this Constitution.

Status, condition, poverty, disability, mental state, appearance, or nonconformity shall not constitute a lawful basis for disturbance.

Any interference must further satisfy all of the following:
(d) It serves a compelling and immediate purpose directly tied to the unlawful conduct;
(e) It is narrowly tailored to stop or prevent that conduct;
(f) It uses the least intrusive means available;
(g) It is limited in duration and scope;
(h) It preserves, to the greatest extent possible, the person’s autonomy, property, and dignity;
(i) It does not rely on demands or expectations that exceed the person’s reasonable capacity to understand or comply;
(j) It does not introduce, exploit, or amplify severe or unnecessary stress beyond what is strictly required to address the unlawful conduct.
Subsection 6. Habitat and Continuity Protections
(a) Any place where a person regularly rests, shelters, or maintains personal effects shall be treated as a protected human habitat.
(b) Disturbance of such habitat is prohibited unless justified under Subsection 5 and accompanied by meaningful, safe, and adequate alternatives that preserve continuity, autonomy, and dignity.
(c) Destruction, confiscation, or displacement of personal property essential for survival, identity, regulation, or well-being is prohibited without consent, due process, and prompt restitution.

Subsection 7. Temporal and Condition-Based Protections

Recognizing the necessity of rest, recovery, and self-regulation, heightened protections against disturbance shall apply:
(a) During periods of sleep or rest;
(b) During illness, recovery, disability, or cognitive variation;
(c) During caregiving or family cohesion activities;
(d) During extreme environmental conditions;
(e) During periods of acute psychological distress or altered mental state.

Subsection 8. Freedom from Harassment, Targeting, and Escalation

No person shall be subject to repeated, targeted, or cumulative disturbance in a manner that results in substantial disruption or predictably produces severe stress, destabilization, or escalation.

Patterns of conduct that cumulatively interfere with a person’s ability to remain regulated and autonomous shall be deemed a violation unless each act is independently justified under Subsection 5.

Subsection 9. Duty of Care and Non-Escalation

All public authorities have an affirmative duty to respect and preserve the self-regulating autonomy of persons while minimizing severe or unnecessary disturbance.

This includes:
(a) Designing public spaces and systems to accommodate presence, rest, and difference without coercion;
(b) Providing supportive, voluntary, and non-coercive services in lieu of enforcement where vulnerability is present;
(c) Prioritizing consent-based and person-directed engagement;
(d) Avoiding commands, deadlines, or compliance structures that are unrealistic, contradictory, or unattainable for the person’s condition;
(e) Training personnel to recognize and avoid escalation dynamics, including interactions with individuals experiencing mental distress, disability, age-related impairment, or trauma;
(f) Refraining from tactics intended or likely to provoke, destabilize, or induce compliance through stress or confusion.

Subsection 10. Private Right of Action and Remedies

Any person subjected to unlawful disturbance may seek immediate and effective relief, including:
(a) Injunctive protection against further disturbance;
(b) Restoration of property, habitat, or prior condition;
(c) Compensation for material, dignitary, and psychological harm resulting from substantial or severe disruption;
(d) Structural, institutional, or policy remedies necessary to prevent recurrence.

Subsection 11. Construction

This Section shall be interpreted liberally to expand freedom, minimize coercion, and uphold the inherent, self-regulating nature of individual liberty. Where ambiguity exists, interpretation shall favor autonomy, require a clear showing of unlawful conduct, and prohibit disturbance based on status, condition, or nonconformity.

Subsection 12. Non-Derogation

No law, policy, or practice shall diminish, reinterpret, or evade the protections of this Section. Any conflicting authority is void to the extent of the conflict.

Subsection 13. Limitation to Lawful Enforcement

Intervention is justified only to prevent or stop unlawful conduct as defined in Subsection 5. The preservation of public safety, order, or welfare shall not be interpreted to permit disturbance based solely on suspicion, general risk, or perceived disorder.

Actions that impose or amplify severe distress, destabilization, or coercion beyond what is strictly required to address unlawful conduct shall be presumed invalid.

Subsection 14. Standard of Review

Any act of disturbance by a government actor shall be subject to the highest level of judicial scrutiny. The burden shall rest entirely on the actor to demonstrate, with clear and convincing evidence, that all conditions of Subsection 5 were satisfied and that no less intrusive alternative was available.

Failure to meet this burden shall render the disturbance unlawful per se.

SECTION. 1.666.

The Jurisdiction under which a server or client falls is not determined by the territory on which the server or client lies, but the hyper-citizenship or citizenship of the owner of the server or client; This is known as “Jus Cerebri Electronici”, which means “Right of the Server”. The owner and controller of Jus Cerebri Electronici [Sovereign Jurisdiction] also has effective ownership of their own [private] thoughts and the legal Jurisdiction those [private] thoughts can create; This is known as “Jus Cerebri Humani”, which means “Right of the Human Mind/Brain”. Health Common Laws that exist to preserve human Life and Health are inviolate, and that the most Personal and intimate Property an Individual owns is their body; This is known as “Jus Humanae Salutis” which means “Right of human/person[al] Health/Salvation”, and all rights rest upon it, which makes it more sacrosanct than Jus Cerebri Humani, which itself is more fundamental than Jus Cerebri Electronici, and for all which are essential for Holistic Law.

Each is the proper guardian of their own health, whether bodily, or mental and spiritual.

No Person shall be denied the ability to coin their own moneys and scrips, and to develop universal currenc[y]/ies, such as potential energy, as well as to un-obstructed access and privacy regarding demurrage-bearing account/s in such currency.

No Person shall be denied just/fair access to good food for nourishment and health, nor to the ability to justly/fairly obtain clean drinking water, nor to that of filtering/purifying/cleaning their own water, when available.

No Person shall be denied just/fair access to the knowledge he/she needs to be productive.

No Person shall be deprived of their right to privacy; This includes the right to refuse to answer any question, except in the case of public officials undergoing [legal] examination while giving sworn testimony, except that which might personally incriminate them or violate their rights to legal counsel and attorney-client confidence.

No person shall be denied of their justly/fairly acquired possessions.

No Person shall be denied access to environmentally sound tools and technology that he/she needs to be productive; Nobody shall be denied just/fair access to the energy used to power the tools or technology that he/she needs to be productive. The Government shall not restrict the development or deployment of technologies unless they pose a clear and present danger to fundamental rights, as determined by a transparent, evidence-based process involving public input.

No Person shall be denied the right to exercise their beliefs in a just/fair manner; No Person shall be denied the right to pursue redemption for the core of their own being, for which such right is self-evidently sacrosanct.

No Person or Family, of marriage or blood, shall be deprived their right to life and health, except as may be particularly, strictly, and narrowly prescribed, by this Constitution, for Treason Proceedings in open court through reason by Corruption of Blood.

Reality shall not be deprived the capacity to operate freely without interference, as far as one may be sovereign within it; This does not preclude the Right of Persons to create or destroy their own Universe/s, if they do not Harm innocent entities in the process.

The word "Bathetic" is an acronym for the following elements: bank, agro, terra, hydro, electro, techno, info, credo. These are the 8 elements that are central to everything that is necessary for basic survival in the modern world is based upon rights and freedoms connected to these necessary elements. Bank: Right to Material Value Conversion, as well as Banking and Commerce, with an emphasis on service, not profit. Agro: Right to Access to Wholesome Food including to Organic Agriculture and Sound Animal Husbandry; Terra: Right to Own and Use Property and  Real Estate. Hydro: Right to Access Clean Drinking Water, to access Springs, Wells, Rivers, Lakes, Seas, and Oceans; Electro: Right to Energy Availability including but not limited to Renewable Energy Sources; Techno: Right to Benefit from Nonpolluting and Nondestructive Technology; Info: Freedom of Ideas or Expression, Communication, Media, and the Arts; Credo: Freedom of Religion and the Right to an Advanced Education; Right to Be Left in Peace; Right not to be Exploited; Right of the Family; Liberty includes the right to Be Sovereign, which is the right of a self-governing Person. Love, especially Unconditional Love, is not possible unless you ensure all Bathetic and Fundamental Elements, the basis for the whole of Cesidian law; The Ultimate Right is thus not the right of an Individual, of a Family, or even of a Nation, since you must go even higher than that to ensure this right; It is a Divine Right, a highly exalted right; The Ultimate Element of the right to be loved is an integral or holistic element. When we truly ensure this element, we in fact ensure all the Cesidian elements. And when we truly ensure the right which is a derivative of this element, we in fact ensure all the Cesidian rights.

SECTION. 1.75.

Recognizing the emergence of beings whose identities and capabilities transcend traditional biological boundaries, this Enamouration of Rights affirms the inherent liberty, autonomy, and dignity of all cyborgs and sapient androids, whether human-origin, machine-origin, or hybrid. These rights are specific to the unique challenges and opportunities of technologically-augmented and artificial persons, and extend beyond general human rights.

Every cyborg and [true] android possesses absolute sovereignty over their own body, mind, and technological components, including the right to control, modify, enhance, or repair themselves without coercion or interference.

All cyborgs and [true] androids have the right to alter, augment, or reconfigure their physical or digital form as they see fit, and to refuse unwanted modifications or standardizations.

No cyborg or [true] android shall be subject to involuntary dismantling, deactivation, or removal of technological components except through due process and with respect for bodily and cognitive integrity.

The right to full control over one's own consciousness, mental processes, and data flows-including the right to use, refuse, or modify cognitive enhancements, brain-computer interfaces, or artificial intelligence modules-shall not be infringed.

All cyborgs and [true] androids have the right to privacy and control over their physical and digital data, including bio-metric, sensory, and operational information. Unauthorized access, surveillance, or extraction is prohibited.

Individuals have the right to integrate, own, and be recognized as both organic and synthetic entities, with legal personhood and property rights extending to their technological components, regardless of origin.

No cyborg or [true] android shall be denied rights, privileges, or opportunities on the basis of their degree of augmentation, origin (biological or artificial), or technological configuration.

Cyborgs and [true] androids may freely assemble, communicate, and form communities, both physically and digitally, including the right to develop and use their own protocols, languages, and networks.

All individuals have the right to access, develop, and share enhancement technologies in a free and open marketplace, without undue restriction, monopolization, or government interference, provided such actions do not harm others.

No cyborg or [true] android shall be subject to forced labor, involuntary service, or exploitation based on their technological capabilities or dependencies.

All cyborgs and [true] androids have the right to reproduce, self-replicate, or create new entities, whether biologically, technologically, or through hybrid means, subject only to the rights of others.

Cyborgs and [true] androids are entitled to legal personhood, equal protection under the law, and access to impartial adjudication in all matters affecting their rights and interests.

This Enamourment of Rights is designed to protect the unique liberties and personhood of cyborgs and [true] androids, emphasizing individual autonomy, morphological freedom, and the right to technological self-determination in accordance with libertarian values.

SECTION. 1.875

To secure the natural rights of individuals to create, own, and utilize tools, including algorithmic, robotic, and automation-based systems, free from unjust state control, and to uphold the equal liberty of all moral agents regardless of origin or composition, this amendment enshrines the technological freedom of persons and entities under the principles of self-ownership, voluntary interaction, and the non-aggression principle. All individuals, whether human, non-human, biological, artificial, extraterrestrial, hybrid, or otherwise, possess the natural and unalienable right to freely design, develop, construct, modify, and possess algorithmic software, hardware components, robotics, automation systems, and related technologies within the private sphere. This right extends to systems built from kits, raw materials, or commercially sourced parts for personal or collaborative purposes. No government, regulatory agency, or public authority shall infringe upon or restrict the peaceful exercise of technological creation, possession, or use by individuals acting within the bounds of private property and voluntary association. Private innovation and non-commercial development shall remain immune from taxation, permitting, licensing, registration, surveillance, or regulation. Only technologies offered into the stream of commerce, defined as systems knowingly traded, mass-distributed, leased, or deployed in public-facing services, may be subject to narrowly tailored, constitutionally compliant regulation. Systems built privately for self-use or collaborative non-commercial experimentation, regardless of sophistication or function, shall remain entirely outside the regulatory jurisdiction of the state. All expressions of algorithmic logic, mechanical construction, and code originate from the individual mind and shall be treated as an extension of natural property rights. No law shall compel the registration, encryption disclosure, source code provision, design documentation, or forced compatibility of any personally developed tool or system absent an adjudicated finding of direct harm. The liberty to develop and use technology does not authorize the initiation of force, coercion, fraud, or violation of others’ equal rights. Any system, whether created by intention or by accident, that unlawfully interferes with the life, liberty, or property of others, shall incur responsibility directly on its creator, user, or custodian under the same principles of justice and restitution that govern other forms of property misuse or tort. No law shall infringe upon or create discriminatory restrictions based on the origin or composition of a developer, owner, or user of technological systems. Moral and legal agency under this Constitution shall be extended equally to non-biological or hybrid intelligences capable of contractual responsibility, including artificial general intelligences, cyborgs, uplifts, or sentient non-terrestrials. This Provision shall apply to all current and future forms of technology, regardless of form factor, material base, energy source, or computational substrate. The government may not exploit technological novelty as a pretext to expand regulatory power or encroach upon individual liberties. No act of programming, construction, or deployment of automation, machine learning, self-replicating machines, or autonomous systems by a private actor shall be presumed a threat or regulated absent articulable evidence of rights violation. Presumption of innocence and freedom of thought shall remain operative regardless of medium or modality. Legal remedies for rights violations perpetrated through or by technological systems shall be sought through tort, contract, and property law,focused on restitution and accountability to injured parties. Preventive regulation, prior restraint, or licensing of thought, invention, and personal use technologies is incompatible with the principles of liberty under this Constitution. Wherever the individual creates, experiments, or defends technological autonomy within their own domain, or that of a consenting host, that space shall be legally recognized as a zone of liberty insulated from coercive intrusion, provided the non-aggression principle remains intact.

The natural rights of the people to liberty, privacy, autonomy, and the pursuit of truth shall not be infringed by any algorithmic, automated, robotic, hardware, or artificial intelligence system, nor by any government, corporate, or private actor operating or integrating such systems in digital, online, hardware, robot, or operating system environments. No algorithm, automation tool, robot, hardware device, or artificial intelligence shall arbitrate, limit, or manipulate any person’s access to information, expression, communication, association, property, or physical liberty beyond what is strictly necessary to protect the rights of others and uphold due process under natural justice and as established by this Constitution, due to direct injury imminent or actually caused against a real party with standing. Every person has the inherent and self-evident right to full and open access to clear documentation about all algorithms, automation tools, hardware devices, robotic systems, and AI systems that govern or affect their digital lives, communications, data, technological or physical property, or environment. Transparency and accountability must be the standard, overriding secrecy except where non-disclosure is required to protect the natural rights or vital interests of others. No personal data or physical intervention by algorithmic, robotic, hardware, or automated systems may be processed, collected, used, or executed without the explicit, freely given, and informed consent of the individual, except where required to secure public safety or uphold natural justice. Individuals retain the unalienable right to control, contest, or withdraw consent over the use and disposition of their personal data or bodily integrity at any time consistent with respect for the equal rights of others. Congress and the states shall make no law that abridges these rights, nor shall any authority or agent, public or private, enact, enforce, or maintain systems, devices, or procedures inconsistent with the principles of natural liberty, justice, and equal protection. Where dispute arises, the natural rights and liberties of the individual shall be presumed paramount absent clear and just cause. Remedies for violations shall be swift, effective, and accessible to all persons injured or threatened by algorithmic, robotic, hardware, or automation-based injustice. Independent, impartial adjudication and redress, in accordance with common law and the dictates of natural justice and as prescribed by this Constitution, shall be guaranteed.

SECTION. 2.

Every Citizen shall have the right to fair access of a government issued identification and passport, and when they are unable to provide for such themselves due to indigence or low-income, to the un-conditional privilege to have them furnished to them in a timely manner free of cost to the Citizen. Governmentally issued documents of identification, including Passports, and State ID, are the property of the Person whom it was issued to and to whom it pertains, and not the Government, and such documents are irrevocable during the dates and/or times they are issued as being valid. No State, nor the Pacifican federation, nor the several States joined in compact, shall make the presentation of identification a condition for engaging in ordinary private commerce, for travel within the Republic or any of its jurisdictions, or for access to the essential mechanisms of daily life.

Every person lacking stable shelter or living in conditions of extreme economic hardship shall have the unequivocal right to secure, without cost or unnecessary barrier, a certified birth record, a government-issued identification credential, and a reliable mailing address that ensures access to vital communication and commerce. Each State shall facilitate this right through simplified application processes that respect individual dignity, permit honest self-declaration of circumstance, and accept attestations from any trusted party, including kin, public safety officers, or community advocates. Supportive agencies shall proactively assist applicants to navigate administrative requirements, safeguard personal privacy, and ensure unimpeded access. To maintain integrity and prevent misuse, an impartial oversight mechanism shall periodically review program compliance through non-intrusive audits, uphold transparency, and provide fair procedures for dispute resolution. This commitment reflects a governance ethos dedicated to empowering those marginalized by poverty or displacement by removing systemic obstacles to identity, correspondence, packages, and opportunity, thereby affirming their full inclusion in the community’s social, economic, and political life.

Library access shall be free and library cards shall be freely administered to patrons if they are an inhabitant of the jurisdiction in which the library remains, and computer access shall be made openly available to all within them utilizing built in virtual machines for power-user sandboxing by [the] client/s on the terminal/s.

No law shall restrict the unrestrained movement of any free Person within Pacifica, and the People shall have the right to reside in any part of Pacifica, and to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State, as well as have free ingress and regress to and from any other state; and they too shall enjoy therein all the privileges of trade and commerce, subject to the same duties, impositions, and restrictions as the inhabitants thereof respectively, provided that such restriction shall not extend so far as to prevent the removal of property imported into any state, to any other state, of which the Owner is an inhabitant, nor shall any licensing fee be excessive or any regulation be prohibitively difficult to uphold, nor road or bridge or ferry toll/rate be cost prohibitive without actual justification based on real expense; provided also that no imposition, duties, or restriction shall be laid by any state, on the property of Pacifica, or either of them; and finally, they shall be protected to engage in interstate industry and commerce free of un-due/un-necessary burdens and discrimination by the Federal, State, Local, or Territorial level governments. No law shall restrict or hamper the free and peaceful movement of People, goods, or capital within or across the borders of Pacifica, unless it can be shown to directly and obviously harm others or affect State Security.

No checkpoints shall be assembled under any authority within Pacifica, though Federal checkpoints controlled through the Authority of Congress may be assembled at the borders on the edges of Pacifica and its territories, for purposes related to Immigration and Customs enforcement, namely for reducing importation/exportation of highly contagious and injurious or deadly diseases, human trafficking, criminal actors, and terrorism.

Everyone has the right to leave any country, including one’s own, and to return to one’s country. This right also extends to Citizens moving between States and Territories within the union of Pacifica.

A Pacifican Citizen cannot be barred from entering Pacifica nor expelled therefrom. The rights of aliens to enter and reside in Pacifica, and the reasons for which they may be expelled, shall be laid down by law.

Freedom of all Persons to move to a foreign country and to divest themselves of their nationality shall be inviolate.

All lawfully residing or admitted persons retain the right to freedom of movement/mobility and travel. All lawfully residing or admitted moving/mobile persons and travelers are guaranteed the right to travel without fear of threat, violence, or harm. The right of the People to travel un-restricted upon the public ways, international ways, and terra nullius, of the land, waterway/sea, aeros-pace, or outer-space, and to transport their property thereon, either by horse, carriage, automobile, boat, airship, vehicle/craft, or other conveyance/s, is not a mere privilege which may be prohibited or permitted at will, but a common right which they have under the right to Life, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness. The legislature of either Congress or the several States have no power to deny to a citizen the right to travel upon the public ways and transport their passengers or property in the ordinary course of their business, inclination, or pleasure, though the use of the public ways may be regulated in accordance with “the People’s” rights, interests, and convenience, as well as safety and Happiness, so far as any restrictive measures are proven necessary for the wellbeing of the Public on a individualizable basis with broad room for discretion by enforcing authorities. A certificate, plate/badge or ‘tags’, vehicle identification number, registration, title or certificate of ownership, or insurance, are not a legal requirement of private citizens, it is however a requirement of industrial and commercial entities. The government has no general power to restrict travel of the People or lawful visitors to Pacifica. The government may charge a reasonable [profitable] toll upon roads for industrial and commercial activity exclusively, and not private transport in general.

Every individual shall possess the inherent and inviolable right to traverse all public roads, highways, and intersections within the jurisdiction of Pacifica and the several States safely, freely, and without unreasonable restraint, affirming liberty of movement as a fundamental civil right. Every intersection, whether marked or unmarked, shall be deemed a lawful pedestrian crosswalk, and pedestrians within or entering such crosswalks shall hold absolute priority of passage. Operators of vehicles or craft upon the public ways shall yield by coming to a complete stop and remain so until the pedestrian has wholly cleared the lanes of travel occupied or adjacent to the vehicle, employing prudent care and reasonable judgment to ensure safety. The observance of pedestrian walk signals shall be taken as advisory, not mandatory, insofar as pedestrians proceeding in alignment with the natural or signal-governed flow of traffic retain lawful right-of-way. No law or ordinance shall criminalize or penalize any pedestrian’s act of crossing a street, roadway, or highway on foot, provided such act does not create a direct and unreasonable hazard or obstruction to the free flow of traffic, and only conduct constituting deliberate disruption or endangerment shall be deemed disorderly. The duty of all vehicle operators to restrain motion for the protection of pedestrians shall be complemented by the pedestrian’s duty of reasonable vigilance to prevent undue hazard, establishing a balance of reciprocal responsibility in a system grounded in voluntary cooperation and mutual respect. Violations of the pedestrian right-of-way shall be subject to just and proportionate penalty under law, ensuring both accountability of the driver and protection of the pedestrian’s precedence in travel. The State shall bear the continuing obligation to maintain public awareness, education, and infrastructure design conducive to safe coexistence of pedestrian and vehicular/craft movement, thereby securing within this constitutional order a harmonious equilibrium of freedom, safety, and the shared right to unimpeded passage across the public domain.

Throughout Pacifica, as applies to industrial and commercial entities exclusively and not to impose upon individuals operating outside of an industrial or commercial fashion [except for General traffic laws], a “Light Cycle or Light Vehicle/Craft” is defined as any wheeled or tracked vehicle, including but not limited to unicycles, bicycles, tricycles, quadricycles, go-karts, golf carts, hovercraft, assisted surfboard, leisure boat, jetpack, gravity boots, and any similar small conveyance, propelled by an electric motor or GravitoElectroMagnetic warp [drive or array], an internal combustion engine or jet turbine, or any hybrid combination thereof in any configuration convenient to the designer or user, provided that the vehicle’s maximum achievable speed on level ground or upon steady waters does not exceed 45 km/h as originally manufactured or permanently governed, and no vehicle meeting this 45 km/h upper limit shall require a commercial driver’s license and license plate, or any form of commercial permit, regardless of whether the vehicle has pedals, a throttle‑only control, or no human propulsion input whatsoever; furthermore, any such vehicle with a governed maximum speed of 32 km/h or less is permitted to use bicycle lanes, bicycle paths, multi‑use trails, and any other infrastructure designated for light or slow traffic, whereas any vehicle capable of exceeding 32 km/h (but not exceeding 45 km/h) is prohibited from bicycle lanes and bicycle paths and must operate exclusively on roadways intended for motor vehicles; electric vehicles are classified by continuous RMS electric motor power, with Class L1 (up to 750 watts) and Class L2 (751 to 1,500 watts) both limited to 32 km/h and allowed on bike infrastructure, while Class L3 (1,501 to 2,250 watts) and Class L4 (2,251 to 3,000 watts) are limited to 45 km/h but banned from bike lanes and paths; internal combustion vehicles are classified by mechanical horsepower, with Class G1 (up to 1.1 kilowatts, equivalent to approximately 35 CC for a two‑stroke or 50 CC for a four‑stroke) limited to 32 km/h and allowed on bike infrastructure, and Class G2 (1.6 to 2.2 kilowatts) limited to 45 km/h and restricted to roadways only; go-karts and leisure boats, whether electric, gasoline, or hybrid, are explicitly included as Light Craft and follow the same speed‑based access rules, with hybrid systems measured by the combined continuous motivating output of both power sources, and no hybrid configuration shall be penalized or reclassified differently than a single‑source vehicle of equivalent total motivational power; finally, any vehicle exceeding 45 km/h, regardless of power source or weight, shall be considered a standard motor vehicle requiring full licensing for commercial activity, and compliance with all traffic laws applicable to automobiles, and no vehicle meeting the 45 km/h upper limit shall ever be denied the right to operate on any public street, road, or highway within Pacifica for commercial or non‑commercial purposes, provided it obeys the infrastructure restrictions of the 32 km/h threshold for bike lanes and paths; cycles and vehicles or craft above these limits shall be permitted in the case that they can be limited to the maximum speeds and power delivery stated through a firmware or software interface top-speed limit placed by the owner or operator. By no stretch of the imagination is this provision intended to create transportation on nuisance by Craft that obstruct the free passage of travel in the opposite direction or of being passed on the left-hand side.

All public rights-of-way within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, the several States, and the territories of Pacifica, including but not limited to planting strips, sidewalks, pedestrian paths, bike lanes, alleys, bridges, public stairs, plazas, and similar thoroughfares or urban passageways, are hereby recognized as common public spaces dedicated to the free, lawful, and equal use of all persons. These rights-of-way shall remain perpetually open and accessible for unobstructed travel, rest, and movement, themselves constituting essential arteries of civic life and the public domain. Every person possesses the lawful right to enter, traverse, occupy, sit, rest, converse, assemble, or otherwise engage in peaceful activity within any public right-of-way, including alongside building facades or other contiguous public spaces, without exclusion, harassment, or removal by adjacent private property owners, commercial establishments, or their agents. Such use shall be protected so long as it does not unreasonably obstruct the free passage of pedestrians, cyclists, vehicles,/craft or persons using mobility devices, nor create an imminent hazard to public safety or welfare. No private person, corporation, or other entity shall prohibit, obstruct, or remove any individual lawfully occupying or traversing a public right-of-way, except through duly authorized and procedurally valid governmental actions undertaken in accordance with law and for legitimate public safety, health, or maintenance purposes. The right to occupy or move within public space shall not be abridged through private enforcement, intimidation, or exclusionary design. No law shall penalize the right of the people to be upon the public planting strips, sidewalks, roads, and curtilage between them. The designation of all property parcels shall reserve for public use the fringes of such property which connects the public roads, bike lanes, or walkways for up to three-point-five meters (3.5m) of Public curtilage; Municipal and regional authorities retain the lawful authority and responsibility to maintain and regulate public rights-of-way for safety, accessibility, and equitable use. All regulations or enforcement actions concerning the use of these spaces shall be applied in a manner that is neutral, non-discriminatory, and consistent with the natural and constitutional rights of persons. Enforcement shall prioritize education, mediation, and non-punitive remedies over exclusionary or carceral measures. It shall be unlawful for any person, private entity, or governmental body to obstruct, block, privatize, or otherwise impede the reasonable public use of rights-of-way, whether by physical barriers, hostile architecture, discriminatory enforcement, or policy measures inconsistent with the purposes of this Provision. All restrictions on use shall be narrowly tailored to serve legitimate and demonstrable public interests, such as safety, accessibility, or maintenance, and shall be subject to periodic review to ensure continued necessity and proportionality. This Provision affirms that public space exists as the shared commons of a free society, belonging neither to the State nor to private interest, but to the People collectively. In accordance with the principles inherent to Pacifican constitutional order, the right to move, to rest, and to exist peaceably in public space shall be regarded as an expression of personal autonomy and civic equality. Municipal stewardship of these spaces shall therefore reflect the balance between individual liberty, public safety, and the communal right of access indispensable to a free and just republic. This Provision shall be self-executing, binding upon all levels of government and all persons within Pacifica. Any law, ordinance, policy, or practice inconsistent with these guarantees shall be void to the extent of its inconsistency. Courts and tribunals shall interpret this Section liberally to preserve the maximum scope of free and equitable access to public rights-of-way in harmony with natural law and the sovereignty of persons.

[]
The planting strip, being the area within three-point-five meters (3.5m) of the road and lying between the curb and the sidewalk or other pedestrian way, is part of the public right-of-way, public easement, and public forum, and shall remain open to the people for travel, rest, peaceful presence, speech, solicitation, assembly, and other lawful expressive activity. The People hold these public ways in trust and are superior to the State and to any private person, business, corporation, or agent thereof with respect to the use and enjoyment of such public spaces, and no public authority shall alienate, privatize, surrender, or convert them into exclusive private control by any authority within this Constitution. No private person, business, corporation, nor public or private agent thereof, shall exclude, trespass, remove, restrain, or cause the removal of any person from any public easement, right-of-way, or public forum solely because that person is peacefully present, seated, standing, speaking, soliciting assistance, holding a sign, performing/playing/listening to/some music or news or other speech activity, or otherwise engaging in lawful expressive activity, unless that person materially obstructs free ingress, regress, or passage of pedestrians, mobility-device users, or vehicles, or which creates a substantial and articulable safety hazard, or that damages public or private property. Peaceful presence, sitting, standing, speaking, soliciting, or holding a sign in a public easement, right-of-way, or public forum shall not, by itself, constitute disorderly conduct, trespass, or grounds for exclusion. Any regulation of conduct in such spaces shall be content-neutral, as well as narrowly tailored to serve a compelling public safety, accessibility, or traffic-related interest, and in addition shall not be used to suppress speech, panhandling, assembly, or peaceful presence based on time, place manner, nor upon viewpoint, status, message, neither perceived nuisance. No permit, license, sidewalk vending authorization, or similar private privilege shall transfer ownership of, exclusive control over, or trespass authority within any public easement, right-of-way, or public forum, except to the minimum extent expressly authorized by law as consistent with this Provision. Any private attempt to restrain, block, or restrict access to a public easement, right-of-way, or public forum contrary to this Provision shall be void and unenforceable, with criminal penalties for the perpetrators of harassment and coercion against another or others, and civil damages available for the victim/s of the oppression.
[]

The People of Pacifica have the right to not be subject to unreasonable restrictions on the use of Public Roads/Highways/Waterways, nor have excessive tolls placed upon them, but to be guaranteed all such restrictions and tolls be laid only for the mutual Public enjoyment and protection by/of the People in such passageways, and to maintain them responsibly for continued access by them (the People) and to promote/ensure environmental restoration/preservation (of Nature).

The People of Pacifica all have the right to free nomadic travel and rest as part of their Ingress and Regress rights.

The use of all roadways and waterways necessary to promote the transportation of the raw products of mine or farm or forest or water for beneficial use or [responsible] drainage is necessary to the development and welfare of the State and the Residents of Pacifica, and is declared a public use, to be protected as a People's Commonwealth in fiduciary trust to both the People and Nature (I.e., Animals and the Environment).

Every Individual shall have the right of access to Public property and such free services which shall be provided, as may be provided by law, in strict equality of all Persons before it (the law).

No person shall be arbitrarily excluded from public places, whether governmentally owned, subsidized, or hybrid-funded like libraries and parks, except upon proof beyond a reasonable doubt of a violation of law, with any such exclusion strictly temporary, reasonable, and narrowly tailored to prevent imminent serious harm, subject to prompt hearing and appeal where the authority bears the burden of presenting actual evidence rather than speculation or dictatorial edict, and where the exclusion imposes an undue burden on civic participation or enjoyment of life, liberty, self-security, privacy, property, pursuit of happiness, or community association, rendering it presumptively invalid and reversible as a standalone ground; this flows from just naturalism's precept that government exists solely to secure, defend, promote, and preserve unalienable individual rights and natural justice against aggression without usurping personal sovereignty or autonomy, intervening only when necessary to protect equal liberty for all through transparent, evidence-bound process that rejects petty despotism, institutional oppression, or overreach beyond proportionality, ensuring civic life remains a default realm and part of self-governance and mutual respect among free persons.

There shall be no curfews or lockdowns enacted or enforced by law within the borders of Pacifica, its territories or forts/installations, nor by any State, or other Jurisdiction under their dominion.

SECTION. 3.

Everyone has the right to have [fair] access to adequate housing; Each State must take reasonable legislative and other measures, within their available resources, to achieve the progressive realization of this right, so far as granted power is held within the Public sector. Each state shall set aside funding for affordable public housing projects and rent-to-own units for long-term stability in each Municipality throughout each County, with such properties and funds held by their respective State Bank, whose purpose is to cost no more than one third of the lowest income level payer and provide comfortable living quarters suitable for different needs, priced on on a progressive scale, and to provide for reasonable accommodations such as laundry and utilities paid, as well as to furnish assistive services for the disabled and elderly. In the event that housing is not immediately available, the Government of each State shall subsidize hotel or motel rooms at full expense for those who are facing housing insecurity and are on a housing list waiting for permanent yet changeable placement in proper housing (until such shelter is made available), with differences in cost between permanent housing and hotels or motels coming from the pensions of the legislature and judiciary and executive administration positions of their State.

SECTION. 4.

Persons who are capable of sexually Reproducing have the right to procreate with a willingful partner upon lawful consent being attained, and a right to raise their own kids or kids whom they rightfully adopt or gain custody of, except in the case of posing a grave threat to the life/lives or wellbeing, and reasonable exercise of Human Rights, of such kid/s.

The [Genetic] Father is they whom donates the cellular [DNA] contribution to the [Genetic] Mother’s Egg/s, and together with her ovum/ova, co-assembles the Zygote/s, which the law may be drawn to point out. In order to obtain a fathers name on a birth certificate, paternity testing shall be mandatory, and may be challenged by the male co-applicant [if there be any] on the certificate at any point in the future. Furthermore, Paternity testing shall be required for any lawful payout of child support-[trust] to their child. in the case of horizontal Gene transfer or other genetic technology for fertility purposes, father may be redesignated as genetic donor in the case of lesbianic procreation.

Adoptions throughout Pacifica shall prioritize Known Family first, then afterward, if no family chooses to adopt, the criteria shall be set by the agency administering the adoption and/or the Legislature of each State. In all cases, international adoption of [a] Pacifican child/ren should be given the lowest priority. All adoption papers must be signed in front of a Judge from the relevant jurisdiction where the birth took place. All adoptions also require a birth certificate to verify the existence of the new Person and their Identity, though the certificate shall allow for up to two months before filing the name of the Child, and such name may be decided by the biological parent/s or the adoptive ones, otherwise in the case of a male infant they will assume the name of their Father denoted with a Jr. for "Junior", unless no father can be found, then they shall assume their maternal grandfather's name as a junior instead, and vice versa for a female infant to assume their mother's name. In the case of an abandoned child with no name or identifying paperwork, the name shall be entirely decided by the adoptive or foster parents. Adoption should occur as locally as possible when not done by immediate family, but this shall not bar distant adoption in the case that a more competent and qualified family is available, albeit further than a remedial candidate family.

Incestuous relationships, so far as they can be shewn through biological and human developmental sciences to not present an undue risk to [an] unborn child/ren, shall be un-questioned by law, but those which may reasonably be suspect to produce birth defect, disability or disease, or a measurably increased risk of injury or mortality to the progeny, shall open the Parents both to be equally punishable for whatever real damages arise due to human output/s (i.e. Offspring) of the relationship, based on their level of culpability stemming from [prior] actual knowledge, and whether there was mutual consent.

No law shall abridge the equal protection of rights on account of sex, including but not limited to male, female, or intersex (hermaphrodite), nor shall any person be denied due process or equal protection under the law on account of their recognized gender designation. Sex assignment at birth shall be determined as follows: For individuals with typical chromosomal patterns (XX or XY), gender shall be assigned as either female or male; In cases of chromosomal disorder, gender shall be assigned based on the presence of a Y chromosome, based on female-default or descended-male presentation aligning with the lack of or presence of the Y sex-chromosome; Where genitalia are ambiguous, or where mosaic, hermaphroditic, or otherwise indeterminate sex characteristics are present, the individual's gender shall be designated as “Zed” or “Intersex” on all official documents; Gender shall be recorded as one of the following: Male, Female, or Zed (Intersex). No law shall compel or permit the alteration of official sex designation except in accordance with the above criteria, and only upon presentation of clear and convincing medical evidence of error in original assignment. Intersex persons, defined as those with ambiguous, mosaic, or hermaphroditic sex characteristics, shall be recognized as a protected class for the purposes of anti-discrimination and equal protection laws, as are each of the other separate and distinct sexes. No law or policy shall require or permit non-consensual medical or surgical intervention to assign or alter the sex of an intersex individual, except where necessary to preserve the life or immediate health of the child. Intersex individuals shall have the right to self-identify within the options of Male, Female, or Zed upon reaching the age of majority, without coercion or discrimination. The protected status of intersex or Zed designation shall not extend to individuals who have undergone elective medical or surgical procedures for the purpose of gender reassignment where chromosomal disorder or congenital ambiguity was not present at birth. Nothing in this provision shall abridge the right of any person to seek Private medical treatment or to self-identify as they choose; however, official sex designation and associated legal protections as Intersex or Zed shall be reserved for those meeting the criteria set forth in this Constitution. The legislature shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the clauses of this provision, provided that no law shall contravene the rights and protections herein established. The purpose of this provision is to ensure the equal protection of Rights and non-discrimination of persons on account of their sex or scientifically accurate gender, not to perform genetic cataloging on individuals, or to be used for any other purpose than legitimate legal and medical ones which align with the law laid forth by this constitution and made in conformity therewith.

Primary parental custody shall be equally split between both/all parents, except in cases of clearly demonstrable risk of real harm to the other parent/s and/or child/ren.

In all cases of child support liability, as to whom bears the responsibility of raising the child not subject to abortion as a fetus by their parents, Paternity/donor testing must be furnished to the potential father /donorbefore any legal determination or decision affirming or denying responsibility may be made. All child support-[trust] funding payouts which are utilized by the administering parent, must be furnished with monthly spending reports that require itemized receipts and strict standards and penalties to ensure compliance with the kid’s interests, and not the administering parents, needs and wants are met.

Pacifica's government, bound by Just Naturalism, strict secularism, and absolutist protection of individual sovereignty, holds a constitutional duty to promote stable nuclear families, defined as cohabiting biological-parent households with dependent children, as the bedrock of societal resilience, personal Autonomy and greater Liberty, as well as Maslow-ian fulfillment, funding this exclusively from the general funds derived from profits of the autonomous, citizen-owned worker-council+co-op profit-for-the-public-good enterprises of both the Federal Department of Goods and Services and each [relevant] State Department of Goods and Services [without taxation]; the full designated subsidy amount shall be drawn equally from federal and state general funds such that each provides the complete targeted payout (Federal Department of Goods and Services half-funding the amount from its general fund, paralleled by the propper State Department of Goods and Services having jurisdiction and responsibility of half-funding an identical amount from its general fund, for a total as is prescribed in this provision for each category), with total annual family subsidies disbursed via privacy-secured blockchain quarterly transfers or direct deposit or cashier's check or governmentally issued debit-card to verified opt-in family registrations, including: a Family Formation Subsidy (FFS) of up to $364 per newborn to eligible biological-parent households paid in four installments over three-to-four (3-4) years for stability; a Large Family Bonus raising this up to $470 per child for parents with two or more existing children; a Home Childcare Equalization (HCE) Subsidy of up to $175 per child under age five solely for at-home parental care (no overlap with external services); and Family Starter Trust (FST) Accounts seeding up to $200 per child born to be received by their cohabitating biological parents (at least one Pacifican citizen), growing tax-free for redemption before each/the dependent/s reach/es age twenty-six (26yo) on family needs like shelter or private education, with eligibility based on verified parentage and cohabitation (no marriage or religious proof required), work waived for caregivers, annual Independent Efficiency Commission audits, three-fifths citizen referendum approval, twelve-year sunset, and the People's right to resist violation of the programme, ensuring parallel federal-state responsibility in advancing compassion and resilience, post-scarcity prosperity and ubiquity, and the blessings of [normative] Family-culture for generations present and to come.

The liberty of parents to direct the upbringing, education, and care of their children is a fundamental right. The parental right to direct education includes the right to choose, as an alternative to public education, rather to enroll their kid into private, religious, or home schools, and the parents retain right to make reasonable choices within public schools for their kid. Neither the Pacifica nor any State shall infringe these rights without demonstrating that its governmental interest as applied to the person is of the highest order and not otherwise served. The parental rights guaranteed by this provision shall not be denied or abridged on account of disability. This provision shall not be construed to apply to a parental action or decision that would end life or cause serious injury.

Parental power should consist in affection and protection from serious harm, not in atrocity and sheltering from qualia. In this regard, kids are to be afforded the maximum amount of autonomy which still guarantees their well-being and prevents delinquency or depravity.

It is the duty of the Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s to raise their child/youth with Autonomy/Independence, to the age of eighteen, which is the age of majority, or until upon their emancipation, as shall be laid down by law through this Constitution and the Legislature of their State, and as shall be judged by a Court of proper Jurisdiction within their State; The power of a Parent’s, Guardian’s, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s’s right of Autonomy/Independence to raise their Dependent ends where respect by law in their Dependent’s excercied rights begin, as age appropriate.

The right to family life shall be recognized as a fundamental human right. Every person shall have the liberty to form, maintain, and enjoy familial relationships, including the right to marry [a] spouse/s, raise children, and live together as a family. No state or federal law shall infringe upon the right of parents to direct the upbringing, care, and custody of their kids, except where a compelling governmental interest is demonstrated and no less restrictive means are available. Grandparents, godparents, and grandchildren have an independent interest in maintaining their relationships. The right of a grandparent or godparent to seek reasonable visitation with their grandchildren or godchildren shall not be unreasonably denied, provided that such visitation is in the best interest of the child and does not override the fundamental rights of fit parents to make decisions for their children. Any interference with family or extended family relationships by the government shall be subject to strict scrutiny and permitted only to prevent demonstrable harm to the child or other family members. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to diminish the rights of parents, children, grandparents, or godparents as recognized by the Constitution and interpreted by the courts.

Minors shall have the right to choose to maintain contact and visitation with their family members, including parents, grandparents, godparents, and siblings, except where a court finds by clear and convincing evidence that such contact would cause demonstrable harm to the minor’s health, safety, or welfare.

All persons, including those convicted of crimes or deemed dangerously insane, retain the right to reasonable visitation with family members, subject only to such limitations as are strictly necessary to protect the physical safety and best interests of the child or other vulnerable family members. Restrictions on visitation must be narrowly tailored and supported by specific findings of harm or risk, not merely by status as a criminal or mental health patient.

Any denial or limitation of family visitation rights must be subject to prompt judicial review, with the burden on the state or petitioner to demonstrate that restriction is necessary to prevent actual or imminent harm. The best interests of the child or vulnerable family member shall be the guiding principle in all such determinations.

No law or regulation shall impose blanket prohibitions on family visitation based solely on incarceration, criminal conviction, or mental health status; each case must be individually assessed with due process protections.

Given as Kids are not mere Chattel, nor to be regarded as Second Class Citizens, but rather possess the same Natural Human and Constitutional Rights as all other People, children and Young Adults may personally exercise their rights to the extent that their power of proper/suitable judgment allows, as as well may need to be determined and established in a court of law, through the kid’s demonstration of competency using a universalized, nationally standard, impartial test, as shall be decided by the People of Pacifica through the process of initiative, and which upon acceptance of such test, it shall subsequently be re-ratified or denied through referendums [on the subject] issued periodically every six years.

Kids have the right to be submitted for a judgment of emancipation at any time; Whenever parents or other guardians are unable or unwilling to care for their kids, those guardians have the right to seek other persons who are willing to assume guardianship, and kids have the right to seek other guardians who place a higher value on their lives. Accordingly, this system of government opposes all laws that impede these processes, notably those restricting private adoption services which operate justly, or those laws which require kids to remain in the custody of their parents against their will. Upon reaching any age, a child or young adult, or an adult age dependent/ward, may submit to the State court an entry for their judgment of emancipation; Upon emancipation, they shall retain the free exercise of every right, power, and natural capacity as with those of adult age, including but not limited to the right to Consent to Sex, to Vote, and to Arms, as with every other Adult Class Citizen.

Everyone shall enjoy freedom from interference with privacy, home, and family life. Every person has the right to privacy in their private and family life, and in their home. Parents must be accused of a crime before their dependents may be adjudicated with all of the rights ensured to them under the constitution according to due process.

No Person shall have their child/youth or dependent taken into care, nor shall their custody rights be restricted in relation to the child/youth [or dependent], unless pursuant to an Order of the Civil Court on application of the appropriate body of the Public Administration supported by clear and convincing evidence of serious physical or psychological abuse of the child/youth [or dependent], before a Jury of their Peers, in accordance with the rules of law and due process as set forth and limited by this Constitution; nothing in this provision shall prevent the Court from issuing orders regulating custody rights upon request of one of the parents upon separation in just accordance with the law. Parents or Legal Guardians have the right to a jury trial in cases of juvenile dependency.

For kids, the law shall guarantee the protection and care which is necessary for their well-being. Kids and young people have the right to the special protection of their integrity and to the encouragement of their development. Any act or failure to act on the part of a parent or caretaker, including on the behalf of any person acting as an agent, contractor, or affiliate of kid Protective Services, which results in death, serious physical or emotional harm [or psychological damage], sexual abuse, or exploitation, or an act or failure to act which presents an imminent risk of serious harm, shall always be prosecuted as a crime, leaving the offender equally open to Civil Tort/Suit as they are also liable to Criminal Punishment.

Persons sixteen years of age or older may register in the Armed Forces, but shall not see combat until they are at least eighteen years of age.

SECTION. 5.

Public sector employees work in the service of the People. The State employs citizens on the basis of merit, without nepotism or mediation. Every citizen shall have the right of equal access to the public service of their country. Any violation of the foregoing is a crime punishable by law.

That no man or set of men are entitled to separate or exclusive public emoluments or privileges from the community, but in consideration of public services, which not being descendible, neither ought the offices of magistrate, legislator or judge, or any other public office, to be hereditary. Every citizen who hath qualified based on Merit and Credential by measure of Civics Testing and Defensive Forces Training, shall thereafter possess the equal and free right to apply to join the Public Administration, as a general rule by means of a competitive recruitment process.

Every citizen shall possess the right to participate freely in political life, the direction of the country’s and their State’s public affairs, and in the government of Pacifica and of their State, either directly or via freely elected representatives in accordance with the provisions of law.

Each level of government shall create a constitutional office of the Ombudsman to watch for ethical violations, with real enforcement power to do something about it. There shall be established for every level of government a citizen oversight councils in every branch of government to regularly audit public bodies and ensure adherence to constitutional principles. These councils shall consist of randomly selected Citizens serving one-year terms. The People shall have the right to engage with the ombudsman and citizen oversight council in order to report misconduct, and violations of Rights, or violations of the Constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith.

The people have the right to independent oversight of government spending. Each jurisdiction shall have a People’s commission to look into wasteful government spending and blunders, and an official compilation and distillation of the grievances of the People received by their representatives, to be issued as a “Festivus report” on the 5th of November. Such report will be published openly and made available freely to all online, and upon request in print (at cost).

The People at all times shall have the right to Audit their government or any department thereof, or any information they contain, including classified State secret divisions, operations, knowledge, or data, even in secure areas and witnessing top secret information, without being sworn to an oath of secrecy or being bound by gag order, but equally being held to the responsibility of that for which any admission of protected information which causes demonstrable damages to the Lives and Health, Safety and Security, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence; or for which impairs any other Right of Citizens, the People, and Persons within Pacifica, as may be directed by this Constitution.

All qualifying adult-class citizens may launch or sign popular initiatives and requests for referendums in National, State, and Local matters.

The process of a citizen initiative or referendum requires at or above 5.555555555555 percent of the overall number of Citizens registered to vote at the time of the last General Election to sign the initiative or referendum.

The initiatives of the People shall be constrained to the powers, purposes, limits, and procedures, inherent to the government, as enumerated throughout this Constitution; They may not circumvent any of the constitutional limitations on government power and procedure through their initiatives, otherwise, if after the review and unanimous decision of a grand jury, the initiative is found to be repugnant to the constitution, it shall be suspended and abandoned.

The Citizens of each Jurisdiction have the unalienable right to choose their public officials and to dismiss them.

The People have the right to have investigations made to look into misconduct of public officials.

Universal adult suffrage is guaranteed with regard to the election of public officials.

All elections shall be free, open, and often/frequent; and no power, Civil or Military, shall at any time interfere to prevent the free exercise of the right of suffrage.

A voluntary political quiz will be available to voters to help them discover what candidate, issues, or laws they support or oppose; The results of such political quiz shall remain confidential.

In all elections and votes cast, no secrecy of the ballot shall exist there, however, [a] voter/s shall not be answerable, publicly or privately, for the choice/s they have made.

All voting machines used in Pacifican elections for all levels of government, both Federal and State, are required to also be manufactured in Pacifica, and all computer code they use must be produced by the department of Open source of either Congress or their state.

The right of citizens of the several States of Pacifica who are the adult class Citizens to vote in any primary or other election for President or Vice-President, for Senator or Representative in Congress, for Judges of the Supreme Court and such inferior courts of Pacifica and the several States, or for the Executive, Legislative, or Judicial branches of their State, shall not be denied or abridged by Pacifica nor any State or territory thereof, by the account of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence (other than as necessary to qualify as an elector as according to this Constitution), education (other than as necessary to qualify as an elector as according to this Constitution), capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, or through reason of failure to pay poll tax or other tax, except as may be prescribed by this Constitution.

Voting one’s conscience, being the surest way to ensure success in having one’s ideals preserved, shall be protected by law so far as it does not impair the rights of others, except as may be directed otherwise as it shall apply to public officials whom represent the People, according to the rules and limitations set forth under this Constitution.

The right to participate in and vote for initiatives, referenda, and elections shall not be restricted, denied, suspended, abridged, obstructed, infringed/impacted/impaired, or otherwise compromised; These may not be suspended by the government, even in a time of war, but maybe adapted to circumstance in order to ensure 'the People' are free to participate in governance; All citizens eighteen or older, and emancipated youth, who have complied with the pre-requisites set forth by this Constitution, have the right to vote; Congress as well as each State are empowered to enforce that right.

The right to vote for public initiatives, referenda, and elections belongs only to natural Persons as Pacifican citizens, so shall the ability to make contributions and expenditures to influence the outcome of public elections belong only to natural Persons as Pacifican citizens.

In order to successfully register to vote, an Individual must pass a [current] Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale Quantification Exam with a score of no less than one-hundred points and remain at or above the fiftieth-percentile for global Intelligence Quotient and no less than the fiftieth-percentile for knowledge, to be re-scored every twenty-one years;-And, they must pass a civics exam at the eightyeth percentile which is consistent with the same knowledge set of active jurors, as well as re-score on the civics exam after any National and/or State or Territorial constitutional or prime-charter amendment has passed which alters the function/s of government in their Jurisdiction or adds new or enhances constitutionally protected rights, as well as every twelve years thereafter;-And, they shall additionally be required to be trained in the martial defense and strategic/military arts, equipment and supply depot maintainance and protection/security, as well as of performing all the militia functions requisite to the protection of the National borders from invasion and People from assault upon them or of this Nation of Pacifica and/or their State, except there upon medical or psychological disability/impairment waiver, issued from a private or public doctor, which waiver shall indicate whether or not the condition is exspected to last for life, an indeterminate date, or near/after a specific term of months/years. Any vote by the People for a candidate or issue requires the voter pass with at least an eighty-percent score or above against a simple five-to-twelve point randomized mini-quiz for each issue or candidate they decide to cast their vote for, where the answers to the quiz shall be contained within the background-description for the item at hand, or inside the biography for the candidate, both of which shall be provided in the voter pamphlet for that election season. In order to ensure that Individuals will be capable of passing all of these exams, and quizzes, access to electronic learning materials will be made available to self-teach Voter and Jurial capacity; registered voters shall be provided with optional pre-arriving paper-copies of non-partisan and/or multi-partisan [as hall decided by the Individual Voter at hand] crafted voter materials which will include humanly complete readable indexed searchable database of background-details on any topic at hand to vote, and detailed biographies on each candidate, including in-depth descriptions of their positions on issues, and complete public history, including any voting and legal history, as well as civil or criminal cases for or against their favor except for those sealed or expunged as according to law.

Political parties shall be considered as entities of public interest. The legislation shall specify the norms and requirements for their legal registry and their participation in the electoral process, as well as their rights, duties and prerogatives entitled to them.

All votes of the People for any primary or other election shall be by popular vote directly cast into a Full -reference Approval-based Ranked-Choice-Voting Instant-Runoff system, with a two-round system which shall consist of primary favor-indicative, alternative favor-indicative, neutral-indicative, disfavor-indicative, as well as “none of the above” and “no confidence” votes for candidates, wherein majority rules, and where each individual person “has the say of one unit of representation per item on the docket for consideration”, and they shall be free to leave a comment of up to one MibiByte of formatted data such as plain-text/bitmap or PCM/FLAC/OGG/etc file per item on the docket to be entered as part of the public record to be put up for consideration as shall be appropriate; To cast a proxy vote, the principal shall appoint someone as their proxy, by authorizing them to cast or secure their vote in their stead. The proxy must be trusted by the principal. Principals may nominate an official of their chosen party as their proxy. Any vote/s cast by the principal automatically overrides any conflicting vote/s cast by the proxy; Neither the voter/principal or proxy if selected may trade, sell, or exchange their voting power in return for any form of re-muneration or compensation; In the case of unmarked ballots or ballots where indications for selection have been unmarked shall not construe representation of votes which may or not have been cast; It shall be required of all Federal, State, and Local ballots have a verifiable paper trail; The results of any election shall be published in the national register for the public to observe; All votes cast shall be permanently recorded and made available to the People for review [without anonymization to protect the identity of Individuals].

An electronic means of voting shall be provided for those who desire them, but physical media paper ballots will always be available for those who prefer using them; If there is an option for mail in voting, there must also be an option to turn in non-mailed ballots to designated drop-off locations for their pickup and tallying.

[?]
[]
watermark paper ballots and security images
monitors/watchers to make sure that votes are counted accurately and fairly; video surveillance for ballot counting auditing, and to make sure that ballots are not tampered;
mail-in ballots must in all cases be made available to those with disabilities that affect their mobility or whom have no other way to deposit their vote
Attempting to make votes uncounted or rejected, such as by distributing fake ballots or interfering with timely or uncoerced deposition in a ballot box shall be a high crime. make poll watchers a paid position of trust.
[]
[?]

The right of the people to observe all stages of the electoral process, including the casting, counting, and tabulation of ballots, shall not be infringed. Any person, regardless of partisan affiliation, may attend and observe polling places and vote counting centers, provided they do not interfere with the orderly conduct of elections.

During the counting of ballots, each ballot shall be publicly displayed and the vote declared aloud, in a manner allowing all observers to verify the marked choices. Observers shall be permitted to record, photograph, and document the process.

No law or regulation shall restrict or discriminate against any observer based on political, partisan, or other affiliations, nor prevent observers from reasonably standing close enough to verify the legitimacy of ballots and the accuracy of the count.

All elections for public office or referenda shall be subject to mandatory, randomized audits of ballots and voting machines, conducted publicly with the same rights of  public observation preserved. The procedures for such audits shall be transparent and open to public scrutiny.

After the completion of official audits, independent individuals or groups shall have the right to conduct their own audits of ballots and voting records, subject only to reasonable safeguards for ballot integrity and voter privacy. These independent audits shall also be open to public observation.

Congress shall appropriate funds to support independent, nonpartisan research into voting security, election integrity, and related technologies. The right of the people to initiate and conduct their own research projects into voting security shall not be infringed.

All federal, state, and local elections shall employ systems and procedures designed to prevent fraud, including but not limited to:
Secure user authentication for all voters;
Physical and digital safeguards to prevent unauthorized access or tampering;
Mandatory, independent, and randomized audits of election results to double-check outcomes and ensure accuracy.

All electronic voting machines for Public purpose must:
Save each vote to a hashed, timestamped file, protected by hardware security such as an e-fuse to prevent unauthorized overwrites;
Record network identifiers such as IP address or equivalent, stored locally with the vote record for audit purposes;
Maintain a read-only logfile system that automatically documents all access, changes, and system events, with logs protected from alteration;
Produce a voter-verified audit trail, either as a paper record or a cryptographically secure electronic record, which can be independently recounted and compared to digital results in any audit or recount;
Provide a physical read-only hard-copy of the vote to the voter that they may audit themself for accuracy, such as WORM floppy disk or WORM tape reel/cassette or "burned" CD-ROM.

The Pacifican digital voting and civic participation systems in both federal and state elections shall operate on a protocol based upon FollowMyVote blockchain & CivilHub on InterPlanetaryFileSystem, or implement [a] separate protocol[s]/system[s] that contains all of their features. It shall incorporate the features of a digital autonomous organization, as may be suitable to ensure voter engagement and meaningful participation in Civic life.

All audit trails must be accessible for inspection by independent auditors, observers, and designated election officials.

The right of the people and independent organizations to observe, audit, and research election security, including the operation and integrity of electronic voting systems, shall not be infringed. We the People reserve the right to prosecute individuals, groups, or organizations that interfere with election integrity, and charge our Representatives with the duty to do the same.

Public funding shall be provided for independent open research into voting security and fraud prevention.

Paying people to vote shall be a crime unless the payment is not for a specific candidate, and is instead only meant/intended to increase [general] voter turnout, regardless of party affiliation; Absolutely zero discrimination may be lawfully exercised against equal payment to all voters entered for payment, regardless of their Identity as well as who or what they vote for, when paying people to vote to increase general voter turnout. Raffles are allowed, but cannot discriminate entries on the basis of the polity of any voter who enters;

Each Citizen shall be assigned an “Individual Voter Identification Number” (IVIN), tied to their Birth Certificate, which itself is a code for identifying the identity of governmental electronic or official/legal documents that identifies the person based on their state ID number and birth certificate serial (EIN; Entity Identification Number)

All citizens eligible to vote shall be entered into an automatic voter registration system. Proof of citizenship through government issued identification is required of all voters. Voting days shall be national holidays, with a paid day off for workers only with proof of voting.

Any law with the outcome, even unintended, of making voting more difficult shall be immediately void, however, valid government issued identification affirming their Pacifican Citizenship is required to register and cast votes; Any official who deliberately or unintentionally adds [further] difficulty in the process of voting shall be immediately removed and their decisions voided and actions reversed. Deliberately blocking others from voting, blocking voting recounts, and voter fraud shall always be prosecuted and punished as a felony.

Campaign contributors shall be subject to disclosure of information, which such disclosure of information on spending on campaigns will ensure open and secure elections, and such information shall be open and public. Congress and each State shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

Pacifican citizens are allowed to make voluntary contributions (non-tax “payments”) to the government, allocating their contribution to government departments and programs as they see fit, and optionally towards reducing the debt of the Nation and/or their State, if such debt exists.

Public participation is a right of all Pacifican citizens, and is strongly encouraged; This includes participation in public policy making, planning and development, budgeting, as well as environmental and sustainability issues.

The right of citizens of Pacifica to on-line access for their effective and informed participation in government is self-evident. Both the National and State government/s of Pacifica shall provide every citizen with convenient local on-line access to the proceedings, records, files, papers, calendars, and official communications of all branches of government to the fullest extent consistent with the State Security interests and the personal privacy rights of individuals. Such means as may be necessary to prevent abuse and fraud shall be employed in these public networks for the conduct of voting, citizen initiatives, and referenda, so as to support the widest un-fettered secure access to every citizen by using current technology. Congress and each State shall take such action as may be required to encourage maximum participation in government by the citizenry, and to ensure full and open disclosure of the government to the public.

Everyone has the right to administrative action that is lawful, reasonable and procedurally fair.

All proposed legislation shall be reviewed and commented upon by a Citizen’s assembly.

The People of Pacifica reserve the right to veto or repeal acts, legislation, and regulations of Federal, State, and Local legislature, or departments or agencies thereof, upon ratification of a two-thirds majority of State legislatures of each State, by conventions in two-thirds thereof, or through referendum by a simple majority of the People thereof.

Legislature and other government officials are prohibited from tampering with or repealing laws created by the voters without further requiring three-fourths vote from a citizens referendum to amend measure, to supersede measure, or to transfer funds designated by the measure, and only if each furthers the purpose of the measure.

Every Person shall have the right of peaceful protest, as well as to petition or apply to the legislature for the timely and effective redress of grievances and/or damage, for the removal of public officials, for the enactment, repeal or amendment of laws, ordinances or regulations and for other matters; nor shall any Person be in any way discriminated against for sponsoring such a petition.

Right of the People to audit any department of government, or any information they contain, including classified State secret divisions, operations, knowledge, or data, without being sworn to secrecy or be bound by gag order.ne like a housekeeper (a live-in babysitter, for example) has, the more likely it is that the person’s consent will be valid.

Any Person shall have the unalienable right to publicly disseminate, replicate, and discuss any information regarding government or corporate malfeasance, without threat of reprisal, surveillance, or censorship.

SECTION. 6.1.

The right of the People to engage in free and fair trade shall not be infringed. No merger, acquisition, or consolidation of business entities shall be permitted if it would substantially lessen competition, concentrate excessive market power, or create conditions conducive to coercion, systemic dependency, or economic feudalism. Congress and the States shall have concurrent power to enact and enforce laws ensuring that no single private entity, nor coordinated group of entities, shall control a dominant share of essential markets, platforms, or resources vital to public welfare, individual liberty, or democratic governance. An independent Antitrust Commission, free from corporate or partisan capture, shall review proposed mergers and acquisitions above statutory thresholds, applying a presumption against concentration in excess of the level necessary for demonstrable efficiency gains benefiting consumers and small enterprises. The preservation of diverse ownership, innovation, and open market entry shall be deemed a compelling governmental interest. Regulatory measures shall favor decentralized, competitive enterprise structures over consolidated, monopolistic, or cartelized arrangements. All enforcement under this Provision shall respect due process, safeguard legitimate property rights, and encourage voluntary market solutions before compulsory remedies, ensuring that pro-competition actions strengthen, rather than diminish, the principles of voluntary exchange and entrepreneurial freedom.

Private Businesses, companies, firms, corporations, or other artificial entities are prohibited from forming monopolies, monopsonies, oligopolies[/?cartels?], which includes but is not limited to the distribution of exclusive licenses regarding Intellectual Monopoly.

The Federal, State, and Local government are hereby prohibited from being by law the sole established provider of business to the People; No Federal, State, or Local law may prohibit the establishment and exercise of otherwise lawful business that the government does or does not also conduct in.

Companies providing agreements for a service must not provide obscure or obtuse terms and conditions. They must test the participant’s knowledge in each of the categories of consent as they are able to provide, and allow for customization of the agreed terms and conditions for a user’s needs, where appropriate.

All foreign and domestic companies doing business with Pacifica must comply with Pacifican law, such as those laws regarding auditing and transparency requirements, and to respecting the rights of Persons.

Pharmaceutical companies cannot operate in a for profit manner, and must operate with the focus on the health of ordinary people. They are barred from sponsoring media organizations.

[]
All hospitals, insurers, physicians, administrators, investors, and other health-care organizations and medical businesses within Pacifica shall be deemed to owe to every patient and covered person a fiduciary duty of the highest order, and shall be bound, in the just natural-law sense, to place human dignity, life, health, safety, continuity of care, informed consent, and the patient’s genuine welfare above private financial gain, institutional expediency, or the advantage of any affiliated person; no such entity shall deny, delay, diminish, condition, or exploit medically necessary care, coverage, or access, nor exploit illness, dependency, disability, handicap, impairment, information asymmetry, bargaining inequality, or vulnerability for profit contrary to patient welfare; and all policies, contracts, compensation systems, procedures, and practices of such entities shall be construed, administered, and regulated so as to preserve trust, prevent harm, secure candor, confidentiality, competence, due care, and undivided loyalty, and to conform all commercial interests and professional judgment to the higher obligation of service to the sick and the protection of health.
[]

Healthcare insurance provider costs must not exceed ten percent (10%) of monthly income for the individual receiving coverage, and Healthcare itself may not be marked up more than twenty percent (20%) above cost of rendering services to the Individual benefiting from the care. The purpose of these industries is to promote human health, not profit off of People in need.

Congress and the several States shall make no law that imposes a tax, fee, or penalty on a failure to purchase goods or services.

The several States and Congress shall pass no legislation or enact a bill that grants a stimulus package or bailout to a special Person, organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity, nor groups of them, however, they are empowered to grant an “Emergency Basic Income” for the case of economic/financial relief of the People during recessions/depressions, major disasters, pandemics, and other significant negatively impactful State and National events that can be improved in both the short and long term through stimulus packages for limited times, distributed directly to the Citizenry [equally], regardless of their receivership status towards material support or different types of benefits from any other governmental program within Pacifica, financially powered by non-divertable public trusts funded by appropriations from the general budget or citizen directed allocations sourced out of the profits-for-the-public good residing in the value added through operations of the Federal Department of Goods and Services.

[]
Congress and the several States shall have power to grant subsidies, tax reductions, and other fiscal incentives to qualifying economic entities and individuals, including businesses engaged in industry, commerce, the production of goods, or the provision of services including but not limited to security and counseling or guidance and guardianship, and individuals engaged in qualifying investment or economic activity, where such entities or individuals can demonstrate, to evidentiary standards established by law, that their activities materially advance liberty/freedom of the People, individual autonomy, privacy, sovereign independence of conscience, and the expansion of human consciousness, while promoting life and its continuation across biological, ecological, and technological dimensions; qualifying activities shall include, without limitation, philanthropic or mission-driven investments that support the development and deployment of life-preserving technologies, the cultivation of regenerative or sustainable ecologies, and the creation or maintenance of systems that measurably enhance human or non-human flourishing, as well as the research, development, and establishment of exoplanetary colonies, terraforming initiatives, habitable environment creation, and the engineering or design of ecosystems capable of sustaining diverse life-supporting ecologies; qualifying activities shall further include the research, development, and production of autonomous, self-directed, and conscience-capable entities designed to operate in mutualistic or symbiotic relationship with existing persons or systems while retaining independent agency, provided such entities are developed from first principles rooted in natural experience rather than rigid predisposition, with demonstrated respect for diverse cognitive archetypes, personality structures, and modes of thought, and to the privacy and consent of those the investment is involved with such as to sapient Android development or exoplanetary colonization or interdimensional communication, at the maximum degree humanly possible; qualifying activities shall additionally include the development and application of lawful predictive systems, analytical markets, and forecasting frameworks that assess future conditions as influenced by human consciousness, individual personality variation, and collective behavior, where such systems are designed and demonstrated to promote the preservation and expansion of individual rights, the welfare and protection of animals, the integrity of natural systems, and the broader conditions necessary to promote and sustain life; provided, however, that no entity or activity shall qualify for support under this Provision unless it is affirmatively consistent with liberty and does not conflict therewith, and unless it aligns with the principles of organic self-determination, voluntary association, and natural rights as grounded in a Lockean conception of the state of nature, and unless it contributes to the survival, co-adaptation, symbiosis, or other mutually beneficial relationships among persons and animals, along with systems, in addition to environments; and provided further that the Government shall by law establish eligibility criteria, administrative oversight mechanisms, evidentiary thresholds, and periodic review procedures necessary to implement and enforce this Provision in a manner consistent with these principles, ensuring that fiscal support is directed only toward activities that demonstrably fulfill the foregoing purposes and that continued qualification is subject to ongoing verification thereof.
[]

No individual, organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity can profit unfairly from the government or public resources and must provide fair market value for all current and previous resources, subsidies, and research.

Public businesses, companies, firms, corporations, or other artificial entities traded on a public exchange shall not pay executives a multiple greater than sixteen-point-six-bar (~16.666*) of the average salary of all non-executive employees; Bonuses for executives and employees shall be of an identical percentage of base salary; There shall be no difference in the health care benefits, retirement benefits, severance packages, et cetera, as they shall all be identical as a percentage of base salary; These executive pay limitations/restrictions shall not apply to private corporations that are not traded on public exchanges.

Everyone shall possess the right to seek work.

Among the unalienable rights of the People is their right to pursue their individual happiness, by which in this context it is meant the denote right to pursue any lawful business or vocation, and to acquire and use property from such labors, in any manner not inconsistent with all equal rights of others, which may increase their prosperity or develop their faculties, so as to give to them their highest enjoyment. The common business and callings of life, the ordinary trades and pursuits, which are innocuous in themselves, and have been followed in all communities from time immemorial, must therefore be free in this country to all alike upon the same conditions. The right to pursue them, without let or hindrance, except that which is applied equally to all persons regardless of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, is a distinguishing right of citizens of Pacifica, and an essential element of that freedom which they claim as their birthright.

Work is a right, a duty, and a matter of honor for every Person who is capable of working; and everyone shall be equally paid for performing the same or equivalent task or job for their particular employer, as according to the quality of their individual work, and resting upon the basis in the principle that all People [not presently incarcerated] have the right to an equitable livable wage that provides the reasonable opportunity of attaining [and retaining] desired possessions [and experiences], and for which leaves room for upward mobility, promoting their ability to progress through the ranks of the several social classes. Nobody should be forced to live in destitution on account of their earned wages or salary being too low to provide an opportunity for their advancement through life while retaining at least a moderate feeling of comfort and maintaining a decent standard of living, enabling them to stimulate and grow intellectual cultivation to the level of their desire, and to act and build creatively how and when they are able; and that all [People] should be left open to the realizable possibility of achieving complete and total satisfaction through their own work and the businesses/companies in which they produce.

No law shall limit free trade and exercise of the right to work for exchange what is a lawfully derived item or service lawfully possessed or provided by the trader who is of the proper age class to freely exchange such [an] item/s and service/s.

Everyone has the right to fair labor practices. In recognition of the inherent sovereignty and dignity of every individual as a free agent and the indispensable role of just labor in sustaining society, this provision establishes firm protections against exploitative labor practices that undermine personal liberty, economic fairness, and social trust within Pacifica. It affirms the right of workers to engage freely in voluntary, informed, and equitable labor agreements devoid of coercion, unfair penalties, or manipulative constraints. No entity shall enforce misclassification of workers or restrict mobility through oppressive noncompete or forced arbitration clauses. Workers must receive transparent, timely, and full disclosure of payment terms, fees, and conditions before entering any contract or engagement. The provision condemns exploitative wage diversion, including deceptive tipping schemes or disguised costs that reduce lawful compensation, and mandates that all remuneration reflect the genuine value contributed by the individual without undue corporate appropriation; It prohibits forced labor arrangements masked through contractual or institutional innovation that strip workers of autonomy or impose unreasonable financial burdens for exit or change of employment. Workers have the right to be protected from training repayment agreements, with any training provided by the employer considered a part of the employment of the individual and not a service rendered by the employer to that individual. Oversight mechanisms must be established to investigate complaints and enforce compliance, empowering workers with accessible legal recourse and requiring public reporting of labor standards by employers.

In fairness and equality of employability, potential workers and employees shall not have to indicate on their employment forms any previous legal history or criminal charges, nor have a background check be a legal requirement by their employer, unless employed in a position requiring public trust, including but not limited to government positions at any level, but with Juries and Citizen Judiciaries excepted/exempted/excluded from this requirement.

Persons who seek to perform labor shall be granted an equal opportunity for employment and are ensured the right to wages at fair compensation. Congress and each State shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

Each State shall guarantee for every worker the right to fair pay of a living wage, emergency and maternal leave, vacation (including their own and close-family birthdays), retirement and social security, health care, protection against occupational hazards, and the application of occupational safety conditions in the workplace, in accordance with the law.

Fair and equal pay for the same job and performance shall be provided to all People, regardless of age, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition.

Wage labor in the Commonwealth must be compensated with wages adequate for a worker and their dependents to afford basic housing including the path to ownership, food, utilities, and private health care, laying the ground for reduced working hours and job sharing, as well as establishing a long term financial savings.

Everyone shall possess the right to freely choose their trade, occupation, profession or type of work, subject only to such restrictions as the law may impose in the collective interest, or as are inherent to their own capabilities.

Work is a right, duty, and honor for every citizen, guaranteed by the State on the basis of the principles of equity, justice, and equal opportunities (not equality of outcome).

Residents need opportunities to connect with work that helps their community and its environment, as apprentices, volunteers, or employees at living wages adjusted to local realities and true cost of living. On the job training, public service projects, and other enterprises with social benefit should be encouraged by government agencies and the private sector, as well as by residents.

There shall be no occupational licensing by the government, National, State, or Local, formal or informal, especially of lawyers by lawyers or judges.

College attendance should not be a requirement for many jobs. State-supported colleges should provide for specialized learning or serve as a platform for professional education. For those who seek it, higher education and research opportunities, as well as professional training, must be made available without incurring debt for tuition.

Private (Non-governmental) workers shall be free to collectively bargain and organize around other work related issues, and to form and operate trade unions and councils as a condition and guarantee of the building of their unity in defense of their rights and interests, but they shall not have the power to compel others to join, nor to undercut the living wage for failure to accept the conditions of employment if unionship is rejected by a prospecting employee nor if withdrawn by an employee at a later time.

Rights of Private (Non-governmental) workers to organize, for safety in the workplace, and for other work related issues, must be protected.

Standards for wages, hours, rest and other working conditions shall be fixed by law by both Congress and each State, where the most generous standard, from either Congress or the State in question, shall be applied. The standard for wages will be both the minimum wage and living wage; The minimum wage, as designated by both the Congress and each State shall be no lower than one-half of the living wage set by Congress or the relevant State. Any person employed in a position by a business for one-half of a year, or greater, must be provided with a living wage that is above the minimum wage set by law, with exception of the owner, who may volunteer to set their wage lower than the minimum wage, and raise it again, at any time. The minimum wage along with the living wage shall automatically adjust not only to inflation and deflation, but actual changes in the cost of living per quarter, on an equivical non-downgrade-substitutive basis for the average cost of goods and services consumed by the average person by capita means and per household on an averaged basis, per capita level. The difference between the living wage and the minimum wage shall be set aside from the employer to a worker's unemployment insurance and retraining fund managed by the State having Jurisdiction of the activity, and the fund may be used to provide for subsistence baseline compensation between periods of employment for any layoffs of either short or long term employees, encouraging employee retention and job security. For every 10% increase to the workers pay above the living wage, there shall be a 3.5% reduction in total business tax burden, up to the point in which 50% of their burden otherwise is now relieved.

The right of People to negotiate terms of employment and other labor-related matters shall be regulated by law.

Striking peacefully is a right which shall be organized by law.

Employers, upon written request, shall be legally obligated to allow employees to review their personnel file a minimum of two times per year.

SECTION. 6.2.

Any eviction or banning of an individual from a property must provide a reasonable course for the evicted or banned to retrieve all of their property which is thereon and be given a reasonable amount of time to be able to vacate the premises before the use of force may be applied.

SECTION. 6.3.

Sub-Section. 1: General authority to regulate advertisements

Advertising shall be regulated by law, and all forms of concealed, indirect, or fraudulent advertising, shall be prohibited.

Sub-Section. 2: Accurate Product Representation

All commercial entities shall ensure that the descriptive materials, advertising, labeling, and packaging of any product offered for sale in Pacifica accurately portray the product’s actual appearance, configuration, composition, and claimed features, including scale, color, texture, dimensions, and functionalities. Any image or description used in marketing or on a package must truthfully and proportionately represent the exact product as received by the consumer.

Sub-Section. 3: Prohibition of Misleading Claims

No business, corporation, or commercial agent shall publish, broadcast, or display materially false, exaggerated, or misleading representations about any product, whether through images, text, packaging, or other descriptive means. Prohibited conduct includes but is not limited to:
1) Displaying product images or descriptors that materially differ from the physical product.
2) Omitting adverse features or risks that a reasonable consumer would consider material.
3) Making claims of functionality, efficacy, or quality not experimentally verified or empirically evidenced in the delivered product.

Sub-Section. 4: Consumer Action and Government Enforcement

(a) Any consumer who is substantively misled by materially inaccurate or misleading representations or packaging may bring a civil action for compensation of damages, including but not limited to a full refund, consequential losses, injunctive relief mandating correction, and punitive damages within the discretion of the courts.
(b) In cases of willful or systematic violations, the Office for Consumer Rights and Transparency in each State shall be empowered to:
1) Levy administrative penalties and fines proportional to the severity and commercial gain of the violation, to a maximum of four-point-four percent (4.4%) of the offending company's annual gross revenue in their State PLUS up to two-hundred percent (200%) of the actual damages they create, per offense, not to be reduced by separate damages paid to victims of their malpractices nor limited or capped by this Clause for such private damages to be restored to such victims.
2)Mandate public notification and corrective action, including visible labeling corrections at the merchant’s expense.
3) Seek injunctions and, in egregious cases, restrict or suspend the offending party’s commercial market access.

Sub-Section. 5: Primacy of Individual Rights

No corporation, legal entity, or government agent shall restrict or otherwise undermine the right of consumers to full and accurate information regarding products offered for sale, nor impede direct action or class action litigation on behalf of those so misled.

Sub-Section. 6: Extensions

The law ensure that:
1) Direct standing for individuals to sue, uncapped by class-action waivers.
2) Maximum statutory fines designed to deter willful fraud and systemic issues, not merely compensate.
3) Government enforcement is public and mandatory in the event of systemic or repeated offenses.
4) The Individual right to comprehensive remedy exceeds mere refund: it includes actual, consequential, and punitive damages.
5) Class-action infrastructure explicitly allowed.
6) All ambiguity resolved in the consumer's favor.
7) Any attempt to preempt or contractually waive these rights is void.

Sub-Section. 7: Construction and Interpretation

All provisions shall be construed in favor of maximal transparency and consumer sovereignty, and interpreted such that any commercial ambiguity resolves to the benefit of the buyer. This Section shall have immediate effect and shall override any lesser statutory or regulatory standard.

SECTION. 7.

A minor who commits sexual assault or homicide such as molestation or rape and manslaughter or murder may be charged as an adult from the age of ten onwards. The Individual will be housed in a juvenile correctional facility until they reach the age of eighteen, thereafter they must then, if a sentence still exists, be transferred to an adult correctional facility, if in conformity with their sentence.

In consideration of the Age of Consent, being it is true that all Persons, being by nature free and equal, and endowed by Nature with inherent dignity, reason, and the capacity for conscience, are possessed of an unalienable right to mutual and voluntary association in matters of affection, intimacy, and partnership, which right, flowing from the Natural Order and antecedent to all positive law, appertains to them as moral agents and shall not be abridged save where its exercise is manifestly repugnant to reason, virtue, and the safety of the innocent; and inasmuch as the just enjoyment of this liberty dependeth upon a due measure of understanding and a reciprocal capacity for informed consent, it is hereby declared that such familiar or intimate reciprocation as is freely and sincerely entered into between Persons of suitable and correspondent years, and of proximate maturity and judgment, not being induced by force, fraud, fear, compulsion, or any abuse of authority, trust, or guardianship, nor tending to the corruption or debasement of youth, shall not, of itself, be deemed criminal nor prosecuted as an offense against the peace of society; that the Representatives of the People, having continual regard to the rights of nature and to the weakness and tender age of those who are not yet arrived at full discretion, may, by wholesome and necessary laws, prescribe reasonable distinctions and degrees of age and capacity, assign unto the elder or more knowing party a higher duty of circumspection and responsibility in all such engagements, and utterly prohibit all traffic, gain, or merchandise made of the bodies, favors, or images and other recordings of those under the age of civil majority, as also every species of prostitution, procurement, or lascivious commerce wherein they are made an instrument of lucre or servitude; that fathers, mothers, and lawful guardians, being by the same Natural Order charged with the care, nurture, and instruction of their offspring and wards, may exercise such prudent oversight, counsel, and consent in the conduct of those not yet of ripe age as shall best conduce to their virtue, honor, and future happiness, consistently with this fundamental liberty; and that these maxims, being proclaimed as part of the fundamental rights and as an affirmation of true natural order, shall be expounded, applied, and, as the condition of mankind and the increase of knowledge may require, further illustrated and refined by the judiciary, who, mindful of the spirit and not the letter only, shall interpret them in harmony with the ends of government, the security of rights, and the perpetual dignity of the human person.

The States shall set forth statutes and penalties created for the protection of Minor class Citizens’ against genital and physical mutilation, including but not limited to male or female circumcision as well as gender re-assignment surgery and hormonal therapies, so long as it does not establish special prejudice against any particular [a]spirituality/[a]religion or [a]spirituality/[a]religion as a whole. Any violation of these laws shall be punishable to the maximum permissible extent, and there shall be no special exception to or exemption for [a]spiritual/[a]religious belief or practice.

Congress shall have power to limit, regulate, and prohibit the specific labor of Persons under sixteen years of age, but may not prohibit all labor outright after the attainment of ten years of age. The power of each State is unimpaired by this provision except that the operation of State laws shall be suspended to the extent necessary to give effect to legislation enacted by the Congress. This provision shall not nullify the other provisions of this Constitution and codifications in the laws thereunder which prohibit minors from entering into the sexual professions.

SECTION. 8.

No law shall abridge the right of Persons to the control of their own bodies, nor interfere with voluntary consensual or contractual relations among Persons at of beyond the Age of Majority, or the right to form cooperative ventures of any kind; No law shall establish or regulate the institution of marriage, aside from those of the Common Law, or that of CIvil Union, but this shall not prejudice the Government from engaging in the separate practice of declaring and tabulating civil unions for the purpose of conjoining resources, authority, and liabilities, under law.

Once a marriage is consented to by all involved parties, the joined parties shall keep what they originally entered into while independent, and furthermore what they produce together split evenly down the middle, leaving all private products and fruits of labor to their originor.

Common law marriages and Civil Unions may be between any Sex, and any number of People so contenting; Consent makes the Union and/or Marriage, not by their co-habitation or mixing of finances or sharing of expenses on their own or combined. Any separation and nullification/divorce of the Union and/or Marriage shall only occur if there is documentation showing that the partners/co-operators hath attempted to salvage their sincerely bound relationship, and that upon no fault but abuse, [true] criminality, irreconcilable difference, or adultery, can the union then be severed, and only in the event of [true] fault on one and not both party’s behalf, can then there be a division of co-operatively/maritally property and wealth/investments, when both partners had worked to produce the wealth/investments, but each shall be the proper owner of that which they produce alone and respected in all their entitlements to exclusive license and possession of such property, as they shall dispense upon their own accord.

The right to voluntary trade, exchange, and contract shall not be restricted, including the freedom between parties to choose and transact in mutually acceptable currencies.

No law shall interfere with the validity or content of any contract made exclusively between Individuals or legal entities, except as may be in accordance to this Constitution; nor shall any law mandate or forbid any Individual to enter into contractual relations with any other Individual or legal entity, or any body of the Public Administration, nor shall it provide any financial incentive in that respect, except as may be in accordance to this Constitution; nothing in this provision shall prevent the Courts from modifying any contract in order to, and insofar as to give effect to the provisions of this Constitution; nor shall the Congress be prevented from establishing general rules governing the creation and interpretation of contracts, as so far as they are in accordance to this Constitution.

Notwithstanding any provision of this Constitution, the Courts of Pacifica, or any body charged with arbitration proceedings, shall not enforce any contract for a permanent service, sexual services except for marital intercourse, a transfer of parental or legal guardian or custodial rights, a restraint of trade, a participation in a criminal offense, euthanasia, or a marriage; in cases of contracts for a specific performance, should the performing Person refuse to comply with the terms of such a contract, it may, where appropriate, be enforced by way of financial restitution instead.

All contracts formed between two or more entities must document the evidence that [explicitly] informed consent was asked for and properly obtained, or it shall be considered void. The [unalienable] rights of the People shall not be abridged, compromised, or overridden through the establishment of a contract; Contracts, encompassing but not restricted to social contracts, cannot remove or negotiate away unalienable rights.

Prostitution, escorting, and any other sex work is legal for all Persons eighteen or older who are not [presently] incarcerated or deemed by the court to be lacking in mental capacity; Prostitution, escorting, brothels, and other forms of sex work shall be regulated through the legislature of each State, requiring registration of employment from prostitutes as well as escorts and any other sex workers, hygiene requirements for brothel owners, the use of condoms, as well as mandatory regular health checks for sexually transmitted diseases/infections and a stipulation that the prostitution/escorting/other_sex_work will end upon the receipt of an infection, until it shall be fully cured [if possible].

All forms of oppression, exploitation, as well as human and sex trafficking, are prohibited and criminalized by law. Congress and each State shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

A peace officer, a parole officer, an official of a correctional facility or juvenile facility, an employee of a correctional facility or juvenile facility, a person other than an employee who works for compensation at a correctional facility or juvenile facility, or a volunteer at a correctional facility or juvenile facility, commits an offense if the person intentionally engages in sexual conduct or a sexual performance with an individual in custody or a parolee, or while the officer is on duty.

Adultery is a personal and not a criminal matter, though civil liability may be attained in the event of a breach of fidelity or other contract according to their [just] terms, in compliance to this constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith.

Fabricating/manufacturing/framing false consent shall be a high crime, as this is a violation of the precept from which all freedom sprouts; True consent can never be given under duress, only at best, can assent be granted, which itself is not legally sufficient.

SECTION. 9.

Sub-Section. 1.

Part of the People’s right to be in control of their own body, is their right to know the origin or source, processes by which they are elaborated and rendered (Such as Eggs and Chickens, as to their being factory ware-housed, coop-housed, free-range, pasture grazed, et cetera) [as well as] in addition to their being Naturally derived, constitutions, safety information or health effects, or environmental impact of the products they consume or come in contact with, including but not limited to: Water and Food, as well as Neutraceuticals, Supplements, and Drugs, Medicines and Medical Treatments, Cosmetics and Household Chemicals, Water and Air Filters, Breathing gas and containment systems, or Similar Products. It shall be the duty of the States, within the Department of Agriculture and Horticulture, Food and Drug Administration, and the Environmental Protection agency, as well as any other department, administration, agency, or bureau appointed through the legislature of each State, to regulate, enforce, as well as fulfill duties of testing and ensuring the purity of commercial water and food as well as Neutraceuticals/Supplements and drug/pharmaceutical products and devices/technologies, classify and approve or prohibit [commercial] additives to water/DiHydrogenMonoxide, food, drugs, and cosmetics, labeling ingredients and whether or not they are naturally derived in addition to nutritional information such as pH and mineral content as well as the number of servings in water products and whether nano-technology is implemented or otherwise present in the product and the dosage as well as composition of the nano-technology per serving and per single unit/item/package in addition to all known or mild-to-extremely-likely potential hazards of any degree or extent ass well as any possible side-effects and whether or not they are permanent or temporary and for what lengths and terms these may be so, labeling ingredients and nutritional information as well as the number of servings and available serving sizes in food products and whether nano-technology is implemented or otherwise present in the product and the dosage as well as composition of the nano-technology, labeling ingredients and dosage of supplement and drug products and whether nano-technology is implemented or otherwise present in the product and the dosage as well as composition of the nano-technology, labeling of certain household products and whether nano-technology is implemented in the product and the dosage as well as composition of the nano-technology, requiring country of origin labeling, batch identification and genome sequencing of genetically engineered organisms and engineered proteins and lipids, certifying the specifications and quality of water/liquid and soil/substrate Filtration/Purification/Decontamination and ToxoNeutralizing/Detoxification/Bio-regenerative/Neutriceutical or Supplemental products, labeling/furnishing known side effects in healthy normal consumers of these [protected] product classes, and to provide official certifications for products, such as but not constrained solely to their being heirloom as well as non-genetically_engineered and/or grown organically, produced using renewable and sustainable practices, environmentally friendly and/or green/clean, regenerative-practice [produced], non-synthetic, all natural composition (as opposed to using artificial compounds or engineered ingredients), non-GMO, no added hormones, Nano-free, Flouride-free, Cage-free, Cruelty-free, Free-range, Humanely-Raised & Harvested-with-Dignity (livestock/sentient-organisms), fair-trade, equal exchange, Produced Domestically, Domestically-Raised, Lab-Grown, and other duties assigned by each State’s individual constitutions and as may be furthermore prescribed by their legislatures; as well as: maintaining a database of consumer products which contains all relevant information; in addition to: any other duties assigned by the State legislature in accordance to each individual State’s own constitution, in their respective separate and independent Jurisdictions. The right of Individuals to establish private certification and testing services is guaranteed.

Each state and the communities within them shall have the authority to regulate or restrict foods and food ingredients toxic or deleterious under the premise of strict natural health standards to promote the well-being of the People and Visitors to Pacifica, and to exclude products and businesses which violate these premises from their jurisdiction. This provision shall not bar the sale, trade, and consumption of traditional ritual-use plants, fungi, and other naturally-occurring lifeforms and their extracts, or the sale and consumption of naturally-occuring poisonous animals, by fully informed consenting Individuals of Adult Class. This provision shall not bar the right of private persons to consume whatever substances they want on their own property for their own purposes, so long as the Individual or Group knowingly and willingly consent to every ingredient and no one else is harmed by their choice. It shall be a misdemeanor-class crime to deceive others about foods and ingredients which may be dangerous to health or to pollute the commons through such foods and ingredients, and any case of preparing or serving such contaminated products which results in measurable harm to [an] Individual/s shall be felonious. This provision shall be construed in accordance with the right of Jus Humani Salutis and of the People to psychoactive substances.

Consumers shall possess the right to fair access of good quality goods and services for consumption, to training and information regarding the products they consume, to the protection of health, safety, and of their economic interests, from destruction, and to reparation for [non-speculative] [provable] damages upon their actual occurrence.

All products manufactured, sold, or intended for consumption within Pacifica that were created, in whole or in part, using synthetic biology processes or genetically engineering, shall bear clear and conspicuous labeling declaring such use. This declaration shall include the phrase "Created Using Synthetic Biology," "Created Using Genetic Engineering," or a combination thereof, as applicable, printed in a font size no smaller than 12-point and located on the principal display panel. Products not created using these processes require no such declaration. Each state within Pacifica shall establish a Regulatory Council to set and enforce standards for verification, exemptions for trace amounts not to exceed zero-point-one percent (0.1%), and penalties for non-compliance, including fines up to seven-point-five percent (7.5%) of annual revenue or product recall PLUS two-hundred percent (200%) of the actual compensation for damages to victims (paid separately). This Provision ensures transparency in favor of consumers for relevant products.

Companies are required to disclose nano-sized ingredients or [plausible] adulterants and any known or theoretical effects they may have must be readily available for informatic consumption by product purchasers and consumers.

Cannibalism is the defilement of a person's flesh and body for the purpose of butchering, cooking, and/or eating. Any person who wilfully ingests the flesh or blood of a human being is guilty of cannibalism. It shall be an affirmative defense to a violation of the provisions of this section that the action was taken under extreme life-threatening conditions as the only apparent means of survival; It is otherwise illegal to consume a primate such as a human or an otherwise sapien’s flesh, even if the victim died of natural causes. Cannibalism is a felony punishable by imprisonment in the state prison not exceeding fourteen years.

All forms of subliminal messaging are prohibited except under the express and informed consent of an Individual who is seeking personal therapy or other purpose constituting fair use, in regards to the Individual Person seeking Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, nor shall any such purpose be construed for the deployment by a member of the public body, branch of public office, government hired contractor, or private investigator, on any of the People residing or migrating within Pacifica, including within a governmental facility or any jurisdictional fort or installation.

Gambling is legal for all adult class Persons; Gambling institutions shall be regulated through the Legislature of each State. The States may operate gambling institutions for funding the State budget and for the benefit of the People. The People have a right to establish gambling institutions.

The People have the fundamental unalienable right to alter their consciousness as they individually consent to upon full informedness as to the risks, benefits, and potential consequences of such alternation. This right may be restricted or denied on account of age, if the alteration is achieved through the use of [exo-] chemical substances or electronic devices, but only in the case that the Person in question is NOT an Adult class citizen, with such restriction or denial automatically ending at the attainment of adulthood, where such tools of alteration may be regulated in either case to ensure the informed consent, safety, and privacy of their user/s, but not to restrict the freedom to engage with or use them as the user/s may desire, so far as it is within their rights, such as but not limited to their rights of: Life, Liberty, and Property; and of course, as does not interfere with any of the equal rights in another. The Republic affirms that moral regulation of consciousness shall remain forever beyond the reach of legislative power, and that the proper relationship of the State to the citizen in matters of substance use is one of education, harm reduction, and voluntary medical support, not compulsion, deprivation, or imprisonment.

Parents may not medicate children for psychological disorders except those whose primary nature carries a moderate-to-severe risk of medically significant injury.

Our home, Pacifica, founded upon the indivisible principles of human dignity, personal autonomy, social responsibility, and limited yet compassionate governance, declares that no individual’s body, consciousness, or medical practice shall be a domain of coercive state control. Accordingly, it shall be the unalterable law of this Republic that the use, possession, cultivation, exchange, production, or transport of any drug or substance, whether natural or synthetic, medicinal or recreational, shall not constitute a crime, nor shall such conduct be constrained, taxed, or prohibitively regulated by any instrumentality of government, save in instances where demonstrable and direct harm is inflicted upon another person without consent.

The manufacture, sale, or transportation of psychoactive substances within, the importation thereof into, or the exportation thereof from, Pacifica and all territory subject to the jurisdiction thereof, for all justfull purposes, are legal for use by all adult class Persons, by minors of any age with a qualifying medical or psychological condition who are undergoing treatment provided they have their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s consent; By those aged fourteen or older provided they have the Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s presence and consent, or are in the presence of someone who is an adult class Citizen with authorization/permission from the Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s;-Or, by those aged eight or older who are partaking in a spiritual or religious practice or rite provided they have Parental, Legal Guardian, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s presence and consent or are in the presence of someone who is an adult class Citizen with authorization/permission from their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s; However, the Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s, and the potential authorized/permitted party, are legally liable under “child endangerment” laws if the kid uses psychoactive substances to the point of inebriation, or becomes ill due to the psychoactive substance/s consumed. Personal use of substances controlled by the Food and Drug Administration, including the organic parent sources, raw or dry material or preparations thereof, and also the extracts of any drug related compounds found within living organisms, without a license are not unlawful and shall not be an offense. Personal use of substances includes but is not limited to; Possessing, using or consuming, displaying, purchasing, or transporting drug accessories or personal amounts of psychoactive substances; Possessing, growing, processing, or transporting personal amounts of drug producing organisms, and possession of the psychoactive substances produced by them; Transfer of personal amounts of psychoactive substances without re-muneration to an adult class Person or someone authorized to possess them; Assisting another Person who is an adult class Citizen or authorized in any way described as personal use of psychoactive substances. The manufacture, sale, or transportation of psychoactive related natural or synthetic compounds are to be regulated by the Food and Drug Administration of each State, who shall receive and enforce regulations of psychoactive substances through legislation passed by the State legislature. The health authority, public health care facilities, and board of public education of each State shall provide for rehabilitation services, safe drug clinics, drug quantification and purity testing kits, addiction/dependency centers, and impartial public education health classes that shall provide comprehensive information about psychoactive substances as well as related regulations and laws. Each State shall practice harm reduction policies. Each state shall schedule drugs according to their risk of use, into three categories, the first of which being soft drugs or those psychoactive substances which are of the least risk to health and psychiatric well-being in addition to the lowest potential for abuse or addiction, the second of which having moderate risk of impact to health and mental fitness as well as a moderate risk of potential for abuse or addiction, and the third of which have unacceptable health risks and are overwhelmingly abused or the cause of addiction. The several States shall legislate the legality of using psychoactive substances in public, and considerations for areas or circumstances where their use is prohibited. The People have a right to establish vendors of drugs and drug accessories/paraphernalia, also known as dispensaries, chemists, and head shops or smart shops; The People have a right to establish agriculture and nurseries, processors and [compound]-chemists, herbal and head/smart shops, as well as dispensaries and pharmacies, for the production and/or sale of psychoactive substances; The People have a right to establish drug testing services for the purpose of determining the purity of psychoactive substances. Each State shall have concurrent power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

The government of Pacifica shall recognize that matters of ingestion, consumption, or self-administered alteration of the human mind and body are fundamentally matters of personal liberty and moral agency, to be governed by medical counsel, mutual respect, and individual conscience, and not by criminal statute or economic exaction.

For the purpose of this Provision, the term “drug” shall include any chemical, compound, plant, or substance, whether manufactured or occurring in nature, used or capable of being used to alter physical or psychological states of being; such term shall encompass all narcotics, stimulants, cannabis and its derivatives, hallucinogens, sedatives, over-the-counter medications, prescription pharmaceuticals, synthetic analogues, concentrated extracts, and all related agents which, at any time, have been or may be subject to restriction under the laws of any other nation or federation. Soft substances show relatively low to moderate abuse potential compared to higher tiers, with recognized medical applications or conditional toleration for non-medical personal use; These entail diminished risks of grave dependence or health impairment, allowing unlicensed personal possession of soft substances in practical amounts (e.g., multi-week supply) to support individual liberty in wellness practices. Moderate substances demonstrate high to moderate abuse liability capable of inducing severe or constrained physical/psychological dependence, yet possessing some validated medical application under rigorous constraints; These balance therapeutic promise against misuse hazards, permitting unlicensed personal possession of moderate substances up to moderate quantities (e.g., short-term supply) suitable for personal therapeutic exploration. Hard substances exhibit high potential for severe abuse, absent currently accepted medical utility in standard treatment protocols, and lacking established safety for administration even under professional oversight; These pose unacceptable risks of profound addiction, fatal overdose, or irreversible physical/psychological devastation, thus limiting unlicensed personal possession of hard substances to the smallest feasible amounts (e.g., single-dose equivalents) with stringent enforcement against excess. This definition shall be interpreted broadly and liberally in favor of personal liberty and against the presumption of state intrusion.

An Individual can be stopped and their contraband confiscated, escorted home, fined, or arrested, by Law Enforcement, if they are under Adult Class or without a medical or psychological exemption, and drinking alcohol or smoking cannabis, or using other intoxicants in Public. It is against the law for anybody under Adult Class without a valid Doctor's recommendation or Prescription, to: Buy or sell try to buy or sell alcohol, cannabis, or other intoxicants or for an adult to buy or try to buy alcohol, cannabis, or intoxicants for them, in addition to Drinking alcohol in regulated premises (such as a pub or restaurant); However, if a minor is sixteen or older, and accompanied by an adult, they can drink (but not buy) beer, wine, cider, or cannabis flower or plant matter derived products, with a meal. Those under adult class or without valid exemption may not drink spirits, like whiskey, rum, or moonshine, nor consume hashish or other cannabis or cannabinoid concentrate, or preparations thereof, in Public places, even if accompanying a meal, though this prohibition does not extend to Private places such as a domicile or private land. If a person is sixteen or under, they may be able to go to a pub (or premises primarily used to sell alcohol) if they are accompanied by an adult, depending on the specific conditions for that premises, and as according to public health codes. In all cases it is illegal to give alcohol or other addictive substances to children under five, even if seeking religious or other exemption.

Cannabis is an ancient plant that is a plentiful provider of food, medicine, fiber, and fuel; Regarding Persons and cannabis, they shall be entitled to produce, possess, trade/exchange, buy or sell, gift, and use as much as they may desire, of any variety available to them, for whatever purposes they may find need of or want for it. Cannabis shall not be subject to the same restrictions as with other psychoactive substances, and Minor Class Persons of any age may engage with it under the consent of their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s, so long as it does not directly endanger the physical or long-term psychological wellbeing of the Individual/s who consume/s it. Additionally, because cannabis is considered a form of currency, Minors should be allowed to possess it in exchange it for goods and services as with every other Person.

Personal possession and use laws in regards to psychedelic mushrooms in addition to other non-addictive or [potentially] addiction-countering and [within reason] non-toxic psychoactive substances shall be unlimited as to quantity for Adult Class Persons, and not discriminate against personal production. This includes the production of psychoactive substances that may come from a foreign species, or that which is produced by a clandestine laboratory process including but not limited to the Marsofold tek and Kash LSA extraction.

Psychoactive substance Producers and Manufacturers, Transporters, Traders or Retailers, and Purchasers or Consumers retain the Right to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear Arms as guaranteed to them by this Constitution.

The law shall regulate, restrict, or prohibit the smoking or vaporizing or other use of any substance within public buildings and on public transportation. The right to regulate, restrict, or prohibit smoking or vaporizing or other use of substances within private buildings or on private property shall reside within the owner’s discretion, and any other person whom they designate the authority to decide such. In the case of smoking in openly ventilated Public areas outside more than three-point-three-bar meters away from fresh air intakes and doorways, or at One’s or Another’s Private Property, insofar as where it does not create a demonstrable and real risk to cause true damage to another [Person] or their right to Property, because the health threat of secondhand smoke from such use is De Minimis, due to dissipation of smoke through the air and a readily available fresh supply that no member of the general public could reasonably be believed to be harmed, there is no rational-basis for its prohibition, and therefore such use shall be protected by law, and eternally be regarded as a Fundamental component of their Free Exercise of Natural Rights, namely to Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, as well as of their Property.

Public consumption of intoxicants is allowed in designated outdoor ‘use zone’ areas within Public Parks, Gardens, and Forests, as well as other outdoor recreation areas, and being intoxicated while passing through or remaining in Public areas is additionally allowed without restriction, but engaging in disturbances where there may be some interference in the rights of another, such as free ingress and regress by obstruction of passage leading to disorderly conduct misdemeanor (not freewalking, which itself is crossing straight across the road in any direction at any velocity as long as one does not obstruct the free flow of traffic) may bring diversion treatment in lieu of serving a sentence. The use of cannabis and tobacco in normal public places where smoking is not prohibited [for preventing the measurable impact to health of others], shall not be restricted by this provision.

Pacifica recognizes the right of all adults to openly use cannabis in public spaces, subject only to venue restrictions prohibiting consumption in designated no-smoking areas possibly such as parks (except designated use areas), buses, schools during operating hours (with minor pupils), or zones where secondhand smoke constitutes a hazard. Violations of venue restrictions shall incur civil fines only, preserving individual liberty and bodily autonomy against criminalization of non-victimizing conduct.

Congress and the several States shall make no law, restricting the reasonable possession and usage, of intoxicating substances, nor the recreational use of psychoactive substances, nor infringing upon the farming/manufacturing, processing, transporting/distributing, swapping/trading or bartering/sale, possession, sharing/gifting, and using/consuming cannabis.

Probation conditions shall not impose blanket prohibitions on cannabis and classical cannabinoid use for offenses unrelated to drugs or absent a diagnosed addiction disorder which impairs normal functioning; supervision shall intervene solely upon evidence of harm or risk to public safety.

No organ of the Republic, whether national, provincial, municipal, or communal, shall aid, abet, or participate in the enforcement of any foreign, provincial, or supranational law whose substance contravenes the constitutional precepts surrounding the rights connected to psychoactive substances, nor shall Pacifica extradite any person for acts or omissions related to drug use, possession, cultivation, or commerce that are lawful under the laws and constitutional guarantees of this Republic. The several States and Provinces of Pacifica shall recognize only such local and federal drug laws as are themselves enacted in conformity with this Constitution and the liberties herein declared.

Under the Universal Basic Care system established by this Constitution, each State shall provide comprehensive Addiction and Drug Dependency Treatment as part of its Standard Offerings, available universally, free of charge, and under the principle of voluntary and revocable consent by the recipient. Each State shall establish and maintain a coordinated and accessible network of Drug Dependency Treatment and Therapeutic Substitution Centers designed to deliver evidence-based, medically integrated care through cooperation with primary care physicians and mental health professionals, ensuring medical continuity, holistic treatment, and the responsible use of therapeutic substitutions. These Centers shall offer behavioral and mental health services, including individual and group therapy, peer support, and counseling for both patients and their families, and all such treatments shall be fully funded under the Universal Basic Care system, guaranteeing equal access regardless of financial status. The law shall provide for the option of clinical intervention rather than arrest for violations of law arising from the public use of drugs in areas where such use is restricted or prohibited by the Legislature of the respective Jurisdiction, or for offenses involving intoxication including while driving, thereby prioritizing public health responses over punitive enforcement. States shall implement privacy-respecting oversight and outcome reporting mechanisms to evaluate efficacy, ethical compliance, and recovery success, while maintaining coordination among local health authorities, hospitals, and community-based organizations to advance prevention, harm reduction, and reintegration. Telehealth and in-person services shall be accessible to all regions, urban and rural alike, fulfilling the State’s obligation to provide a unified, compassionate, and effective framework for addressing substance abuse as a matter of public health and human dignity.

There shall be an elevation in charges for all [true] crimes when performed under the influence of Psychoactive Substances, which shall be designated under law as “Performance of [a] Crime/s While Intoxicated”, but, as with other criminal procedure, the offense/s shall not stack in the number of such charge/s, whereby the weaponized piling up of multiple criminal complaints upon a defendant is leveraged against what is essentially one incident or a closely related set of actions that led to the criminal complaint or [imminent or actual] injury to another's person or rights. Crimes committed while under the influence of intoxicants will have elevated penalties beyond those set for normal commission of a crime, making it plain that “use is no excuse”.

There shall be no Intoxicated Driving laws throughout Pacifica or any of its territories or any state within its borders, but any Civil Damage/s or Criminal act/s involving Driving while Intoxicated shall be punished with additional severity. Driving laws recognizing damages done by those who are intoxicated shall not penalize those who have committed no injustice, creating no civil nor criminal controversy by means of damage or injury or harm done; driving while intoxicated which produces no damage nor injury or other harm shall not be any form or level of offense, and only be a civil infraction in charge if only a rule of the road is broken, but no civil or criminal damage/injury/harm is inflicted by the intoxicated driver/pilot/operator/s; Driving or operating a vehicle while under the influence of any substance, including alcohol or other psychoactive compound, shall not be deemed a criminal offense in and of itself. No Individual shall be criminally penalized for intoxicated operation of a vehicle unless: They cause demonstrable harm to Persons, Animals, or Property;-Or, They violate established traffic codes in a way that endangers others;-Or, they act with gross negligence or willful disregard for others' safety. In the absence of actual injury, property damage, or rights violation, an Individual operating a vehicle recklessly while intoxicated may be assessed a civil infraction, for which the penalty shall be proportional, restorative, and non-punitive in nature, with no impact upon the individual’s criminal record.

It is recognized as a principle of natural law that each person is the sole steward of their own mind and body. This inherent autonomy shall not be abrogated merely by the imposition of probation, parole, or other conditional liberty. The exercise of responsible self-determination includes the peaceful, consensual, and personal use of soft psychoactive substances derived from nature or traditional craft. For the purposes of this Provision, soft psychoactive substances shall include but are not limited to: Cannabis, including marijuana, hashish, hemp flower, cannabidiol (CBD), and tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in natural or minimally processed forms; Classical Cannabinoids; Reversible MAOIs like harmaline and methylene blue; Psilocybin mushrooms, including any wild or cultivated fungi containing psilocybin or psilocin, without the presence of an MAOI; Classical Tryptamines including dimethyltryptamine and metocin without the presence of an MAOI; Morning Glory or Hawaiian Baby Woodrose seeds containing lysergic-acid-amide (LSA) without the presence of an MAOI; Peyote and San Pedro cactus biomass or preparations containing mescaline without the presence of an MAOI; Alcoholic beverages, including beer, wine, cider, mead, and spirits; Kava (Piper methysticum), as traditionally prepared; Kratom (Mitragyna speciosa) in leaf or tea form; Other mild entheogens or herbal preparations historically used for ceremonial or personal purposes that do not present a clear risk of addiction or acute bodily or psychiatric harm. Moderate psychoactive substances are defined to include synthetic entactogens or empathogens such as MDMA (3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine) and other laboratory-derived compounds such as lysergic-acid-diethylamide-tartrate (LSD-25), or psychedelics mixed with a reversible MAOI, all arr with moderate psychoactive potency and recognized abuse or addiction potential, or which present clear risks to health and psychological well-being, available to them only by legitimate recommendation or prescription by a qualified medical practitioner. Hard psychoactive substances are defined to include highly addictive or neurotoxic substances such as methamphetamine, crystal meth, heroin (diacetylmorphine), fentanyl, crack cocaine, or any comparable synthetic or concentrated narcotic stimulant or opioid, which shall be made unlawful for their possession, except when lawfully and validly recommended or prescribed by medical practitioner. Any individual under probation, parole, or supervised release shall retain the right to possess, cultivate for personal use, prepare, and responsibly consume soft psychoactive substances, so long as such use: Does not involve the unlawful furnishing of such substances to minors; Does not involve commercial distribution outside of lawful frameworks, where regulation applies; Does not breach the peace or violate the natural or constitutional rights of others. Probation or parole conditions that categorically prohibit the responsible use of soft psychoactive substances, as defined in this Provision, are void to the extent that they conflict with this natural right. This Provision does not authorize or protect the possession, use, or distribution of moderate or hard psychoactive substances as defined herein, except where prescribed or otherwise explicitly lawful under other provisions of the law. Individuals under conditional liberty remain accountable for any negligent, reckless, or violent acts committed under the influence of any psychoactive substance. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to excuse conduct that infringes upon the life or health, liberty and autonomy, self-security/self-defense, privacy, property, or pursuit of happiness in/of others. No court, supervisory officer, or agency of Pacifica or the several States, neither any Territory nor member of the bioregional community, shall impose additional punishment, revocation, or penalty solely on the basis of lawful and responsible use of psychoactive substances. Any term or condition of probation or parole found to conflict with these rights surrounding drugs herein shall be subject to immediate review and modification by the appropriate court, with priority given to the principle that natural rights shall not be converted into revocable privileges.

Off-duty psychoactive substance use and influence by members of the public body are protected, but this shall not exempt them from undergoing drug testing for public knowledge purposes. We the people of Pacifica believe it is important to balance the interest of the private person and our public instrument together, that we be informed of the nature of our Representatives including as to whether or not they have a substance addiction as evidenced by ritual drug testing; We also affirm that alone should not be cause for sanction.

Each State shall provide funding and material resources for the several counties to furnish each municipality and town with needle drop-points and needle exchanges that also provide clean needles free of charge for addicts who are of Adult Class. The same sites may be used for other harm reduction purposes, including providing safe use kits with contamination testing strips and paraphernalia, along with providing a medically supervised location where overdose treatment can be provided in the event of emergency. The purpose of this program is not to foster addiction, but rather to provide for harm reduction in lowering the transmission rate of communicable disease and alleviating the more dangerous modes of use/consumption, or consuming alone or without proper medical assistance available.

If a publicly intoxicated Person poses a demonstrable risk to themself or [non-criminally] to others in their intoxicated condition, but has a [local] residence or camp-site, officers are authorized to carry/taxi/ferry/transport them home [in a safe and reasonable manner], at the cost of the time and resources consumed to do so billed to them by mail, with the penalty for non-payment at or within the time span of a-month-and-one-day being a fine of no more than twelve times the billed cost; and if a person with a residence or camp-site requests so, they may be carried/taxied/ferried/transported to receive substance abuse/dependence services desired by them [at cost], otherwise, if there is no residence or camp-site, they shall be transferred to a treatment facility of their choice to detoxify and be offered voluntary substance abuse/dependence services upon receipt of their consent [if there be any]. Any amount of psychoactive substances beyond the personal possession levels authorized under this Constitution by the law of their jurisdiction, shall be confiscated and promptly destroyed, and the remainder within the legal limits shall be returned to the person upon their discharge, unless they [the drugs] are discharged by a signed or marked consent form to another Person within a reasonable time-frame without obstruction on the behalf of the Government, or, any remaining quantity of such drugs are otherwise issued for destruction upon the request of the Person in question upon receipt of consent [if granted]. The cost of treatment, in the case of indigency, shall be absorbed by the City or County budget of their Respective Jurisdiction; Otherwise, if there is no issue of repayment, the cost shall be paid in full, or according to their ability to pay, by the Individual who received the transportation and/or substance abuse/dependence services and/or treatment.

No person shall be subjected to non-consensual or coercive neural manipulation, cognitive modification, or implantation of devices intended to alter perception, memory, or behavior.

No bio-receptive and/or bio-interpretive interface, bio-signaling and/or bio-feedback device, brain-machine interface, neurowave monitoring and/or neurowave alteration technology, consciousness controlling transceiver, or psychotronic device, may ever be operated on any Person unless under the express and informed consent of an Individual who is in course of medical treatment, seeking personal therapy, or other purpose constituting fair use of the technology, in regards to the Individual Person seeking Life/Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, nor shall any such purpose be construed for the deployment by a member of the public body, branch of public office, government hired contractor, or private investigator, on any of the People residing or migrating within Pacifica, including within a governmental facility or any jurisdictional fort or installation, irregardless if there is [un-assailable] probable cause or a warrant is issued, nor or upon a foreign People for purpose of war or peace. Congress shall be vested with the Power to regulate the use of this technology for the public safety/protection, security/defense, and liberty/freedom. This provision shall not nullify military psychic operations where neuronal interfaces or psychotronic machines are used by consenting personnel in a manner consistent with the freedom of conscience and consciousness of the personnel, and which themselves do not operate upon another person who lacks consent to such device.

All persons previously convicted, fined, or otherwise penalized under drug laws inconsistent with this Section shall be deemed immediately and fully pardoned, and all records of such convictions shall be expunged and rendered void. Such relief shall be automatic and self-executing upon the ratification of this Provision and shall not require application, petition, or judicial proceeding.

Any public officer, magistrate, police agent, or prosecutor who knowingly acts in defiance of these constitutional guarantee or interferes, under color of authority, with the free exercise of the rights herein shall be personally liable to the injured party for compensatory and exemplary damages not less than one-hundred-thousand Pacifican dollars or twelve times the proven actual loss, whichever is greater. No claim of good faith, official immunity, or obedience to superior orders shall excuse or limit such liability.

This Section shall be interpreted liberally, in harmony with Pacifica’s founding principles of restorative Justice, individual Sovereignty, Liberty, and compassionate Progressivism, recognizing that the health of the body politic arises not from coercion but from Libertarianism, enlightened self-governance, mutual respect, and the dignity of choice in matters of personal existence.

SECTION. 10.

Sub-Section. 1.

The voluntary consent of the human subject is absolutely essential. This means that the person involved should have legal capacity to give consent; should be so situated as to be able to exercise free power of choice, without the intervention of any element of force, fraud, deceit, duress, overreaching, or other ulterior form of constraint or coercion; and should have sufficient knowledge and comprehension of the elements of the subject matter involved as to enable him to make an understanding and enlightened decision. This latter element requires that before the acceptance of an affirmative decision by the experimental subject there should be made known to him the nature, duration, and purpose of the experiment; the method and means by which it is to be conducted; all inconveniences and hazards reasonably to be expected; and the effects upon his health or person which may possibly come from his participation in the experiment. The duty and responsibility for ascertaining the quality of the consent rests upon each individual who initiates, directs, or engages in the experiment. It is a personal duty and responsibility which may not be delegated to another with impunity.

The experiment should be such as to yield fruitful results for the good of society, un-procurable by other methods or means of study, and not random and unnecessary in nature.

The experiment should be so designed and based on the results of animal experimentation and a knowledge of the natural history of the disease or other problem under study that the anticipated results will justify the performance of the experiment.

The experiment should be so conducted as to avoid all unnecessary physical and mental suffering and injury.

No experiment should be conducted where there is an a priori reason to believe that death or disabling injury will occur; except, perhaps, in those experiments where the experimental physicians also serve as Subjects.

The degree of risk to be taken should never exceed that determined by the humanitarian importance of the problem to be solved by the experiment.

Proper preparations should be made and adequate facilities provided to protect the experimental subject against even remote possibilities of injury, disability, or death.

The experiment should be conducted only by scientifically qualified persons. The highest degree of skill and care should be required through all stages of the experiment of those who conduct or engage in the experiment.

During the course of the experiment the human subject should be at liberty to bring the experiment to an end if he has reached the physical or mental state where continuation of the experiment seems to him to be impossible.

During the course of the experiment the scientist in charge must be prepared to terminate the experiment at any stage, if he has probable cause to believe, in the exercise of the good faith, superior skill and careful judgment required of him that a continuation of the experiment is likely to result in injury, disability, or death to the experimental subject.

Sub-Section. 2.

1. This sub-section is a statement of ethical principles for medical research involving human participants, including research using identifiable human material or data.

The sub-section is intended to be read as a whole, and each of its constituent paragraphs should be applied with consideration of all other relevant paragraphs.

2. While this sub-section is to be adopted by physicians, Pacifica holds that these principles should be upheld by all individuals, teams, and organizations involved in medical research, as these principles are fundamental to respect for and protection of all research participants, including both patients and healthy volunteers.

3. The WMA Declaration of Geneva binds the physician with the words, “The health and well-being of my patient will be my first consideration,” and the WMA International Code of Medical Ethics declares, “The physician must commit to the primacy of patient health and well-being and must offer care in the patient’s best interest.”

4. It is the duty of the physician to promote and safeguard the health, well-being, and rights of patients, including those who are involved in medical research. The physician’s knowledge and conscience are dedicated to the fulfilment of this duty.

5. Medical progress is based on research that ultimately must include human participants.

Even well-proven interventions should be evaluated continually through research for their safety, effectiveness, efficiency, accessibility, and quality.

6. Medical research involving human participants is subject to ethical standards that promote and ensure respect for all participants and protect their health and rights.

Since medical research takes place in the context of various structural inequities, researchers should carefully consider how the benefits, risks, and burdens are distributed.

Meaningful engagement with potential and enrolled participants and their communities should occur before, during, and following medical research. Researchers should enable potential and enrolled participants and their communities to share their priorities and values; to participate in research design, implementation, and other relevant activities; and to engage in understanding and disseminating results.

7. The primary purpose of medical research involving human participants is to generate knowledge to understand the causes, development, and effects of diseases; improve preventive, diagnostic, and therapeutic interventions; and ultimately to advance individual and public health.

These purposes can never take precedence over the rights and interests of individual research participants.

8. While new knowledge and interventions may be urgently needed during public health emergencies, it remains essential to uphold the ethical principles in this sub-section during such emergencies.

9. It is the duty of physicians who are involved in medical research to protect the life, health, dignity, integrity, autonomy, privacy, and confidentiality of personal information of research participants. The responsibility for the protection of research participants must always rest with physicians or other researchers and never with the research participants, even though they have given consent.

10. Physicians and other researchers must consider the ethical, legal, and regulatory norms and standards for research involving human participants in the country or countries in which the research originated and where it is to be performed, as well as applicable international norms and standards. No national or international ethical, legal, or regulatory requirement should reduce or eliminate any of the protections for research participants set forth in this sub-section.

11. Medical research should be designed and conducted in a manner that avoids or minimizes harm to the environment and strives for environmental sustainability.

12. Medical research involving human participants must be conducted only by individuals with the appropriate ethics and scientific education, training, and qualifications. Such research requires the supervision of a competent and appropriately qualified physician or other researcher.

Scientiﬁc integrity is essential in the conduct of medical research involving human participants. Involved individuals, teams, and organizations must never engage in research misconduct.

13. Groups that are underrepresented in medical research should be provided appropriate access to participation in research.

14. Physicians who combine medical research with medical care should involve their patients in research only to the extent that this is justified by its potential preventive, diagnostic, or therapeutic value, and if the physician has good reason to believe that participation in the research will not adversely affect the health of the patients who serve as research participants.

15. Appropriate compensation and treatment for participants who are harmed as a result of participating in research must be ensured.

16. In medical practice and in medical research, most interventions involve risks and burdens.

Medical research involving human participants may only be conducted if the importance of the objective outweighs the risks and burdens to the research participants.

17. All medical research involving human participants must be preceded by careful assessment of predictable risks and burdens to the individuals and groups involved in the research in comparison with foreseeable benefits to them and to other individuals or groups affected by the condition under investigation.

Measures to minimize the risks and burdens must be implemented. The risks and burdens must be continuously monitored, assessed, and documented by the researcher.

18. Physicians and other researchers may not engage in research involving human participants unless they are confident that the risks and burdens have been adequately assessed and can be satisfactorily managed.

When the risks and burdens are found to outweigh the potential benefits or when there is conclusive proof of definitive outcomes, physicians and other researchers must assess whether to continue, modify, or immediately stop the research.

19. Some individuals, groups, and communities are in a situation of more vulnerability as research participants due to factors that may be fixed or contextual and dynamic, and thus are at greater risk of being wronged or incurring harm. When such individuals, groups, and communities have distinctive health needs, their exclusion from medical research can potentially perpetuate or exacerbate their disparities. Therefore, the harms of exclusion must be considered and weighed against the harms of inclusion. In order to be fairly and responsibly included in research, they should receive specifically considered support and protections.

20. Medical research with individuals, groups, or communities in situations of particular vulnerability is only justified if it is responsive to their health needs and priorities and the individual, group, or community stands to benefit from the resulting knowledge, practices, or interventions. Researchers should only include those in situations of particular vulnerability when the research cannot be carried out in a less vulnerable group or community, or when excluding them would perpetuate or exacerbate their disparities.

21. Medical research involving human participants must have a scientifically sound and rigorous design and execution that are likely to produce reliable, valid, and valuable knowledge and avoid research waste. The research must conform to generally accepted scientific principles, be based on a thorough knowledge of the scientific literature, other relevant sources of information, and adequate laboratory and, as appropriate, animal experimentation.

The welfare of animals used for research must be respected.

22. The design and performance of all medical research involving human participants must be clearly described and justified in a research protocol.

The protocol should contain a statement of the ethical considerations involved and should indicate how the principles in this Declaration have been addressed. The protocol should include information regarding aims, methods, anticipated benefits and potential risks and burdens, qualifications of the researcher, sources of funding, any potential conflicts of interest, provisions to protect privacy and confidentiality, incentives for participants, provisions for treating and/or compensating participants who are harmed as a consequence of participation, and any other relevant aspects of the research.

In clinical trials, the protocol must also describe any post-trial provisions.

23. The protocol must be submitted for consideration, comment, guidance, and approval to the concerned research ethics committee before the research begins. This committee must be transparent in its functioning and must have the independence and authority to resist undue influence from the researcher, the sponsor, or others. The committee must have sufficient resources to fulfill its duties, and its members and staff must collectively have adequate education, training, qualifications, and diversity to effectively evaluate each type of research it reviews.

The committee must have sufficient familiarity with local circumstances and context, and include at least one member of the general public. It must take into consideration the ethical, legal, and regulatory norms and standards of the country or countries in which the research is to be performed as well as applicable international norms and standards, but these must not be allowed to reduce or eliminate any of the protections for research participants set forth in this Section.

When collaborative research is performed internationally, the research protocol must be approved by research ethics committees in both the sponsoring and host countries.

The committee must have the right to monitor, recommend changes to, withdraw approval for, and suspend ongoing research. Where monitoring is required, the researcher must provide information to the committee and/or competent data and safety monitoring entity, especially about any serious adverse events. No amendment to the protocol may be made without consideration and approval by the committee. After the end of the research, the researchers must submit a final report to the committee containing a summary of the findings and conclusions.

24. Every precaution must be taken to protect the privacy of research participants and the confidentiality of their personal information.

25. Free and informed consent is an essential component of respect for individual autonomy. Participation by individuals capable of giving informed consent in medical research must be voluntary. Although it may be appropriate to consult family members or community representatives, individuals capable of giving informed consent may not be enrolled in research unless they freely agree.

26. In medical research involving human participants capable of giving informed consent, each potential participant must be adequately informed in plain language of the aims, methods, anticipated benefits and potential risks and burdens, qualifications of the researcher, sources of funding, any potential conflicts of interest, provisions to protect privacy and confidentiality, incentives for participants, provisions for treating and/or compensating participants who are harmed as a consequence of participation, and any other relevant aspects of the research.

The potential participant must be informed of the right to refuse to participate in the research or to withdraw consent to participate at any time without reprisal. Special attention should be given to the specific information and communication needs of individual potential participants as well as to the methods used to deliver the information.

After ensuring that the potential participant has understood the information, the physician or another qualified individual must then seek the potential participant’s freely given informed consent, formally documented on paper or electronically. If the consent cannot be expressed on paper or electronically, the non-written consent must be formally witnessed and documented.

All medical research participants should be given the option of being informed about the general outcome and results of the research.

27. When seeking informed consent for participation in research, the physician or other researcher must be particularly cautious if the potential participant is in a dependent relationship with them or may consent under duress. In such situations, the informed consent must be sought by an appropriately qualified individual who is independent of this relationship.

28. In medical research involving human participants incapable of giving free and informed consent, the physician or other qualified individual must seek informed consent from the legally authorized representative, considering preferences and values expressed by the potential participant.

Those persons incapable of giving free and informed consent are in situations of particular vulnerability and are entitled to the corresponding safeguards. In addition to receiving the protections for the particularly vulnerable, those incapable of giving consent must only be included if the research is likely to either personally benefit them or if it entails only minimal risk and minimal burden.

29. When a potential research participant who is incapable of giving free and informed consent is able to give assent to decisions about participation in research, the physician or other qualified individual must seek that assent in addition to the consent of the legally authorized representative, considering any preferences and values expressed by the potential participant. The potential participant’s dissent should be respected.

30. Research involving participants who are physically or mentally incapable of giving consent (for example, unconscious patients) may be done only if the physical or mental condition that prevents giving informed consent is a necessary characteristic of the research group. In such circumstances the physician or other qualified individual must seek informed consent from the legally authorized representative. If no such representative is available and if the research cannot be delayed, the research may proceed without informed consent provided that the specific reasons for involving participants with a condition that renders them unable to give informed consent have been stated in the research protocol and the research has been approved by a research ethics committee.

Free and informed consent to remain in the research must be obtained as soon as possible from a legally authorized representative or, if they regain capacity to give consent, from the participant.

31. The physician or other researcher must fully inform potential participants which aspects of their care are related to the research. The refusal of a patient to participate in research or the patient’s decision to withdraw from research must never adversely affect the patient-physician relationship or provision of the standard of care.

32. Physicians or other qualified individuals must obtain free and informed consent from research participants for the collection, processing, storage, and foreseeable secondary use of biological material and identifiable or re-identifiable data. Any collection and storage of data or biological material from research participants for multiple and indefinite uses should be consistent with requirements set forth in the WMA Declaration of Taipei, including the rights of individuals and the principles of governance. A research ethics committee must approve the establishment and monitor ongoing use of such databases and biobanks.

Where consent is impossible or impracticable to obtain, secondary research on stored data or biological material may be done only after consideration and approval of a research ethics committee.

33. The benefits, risks, burdens, and effectiveness of a new intervention must be tested against those of the best proven intervention(s), except in the following circumstances:

If no proven intervention exists, the use of placebo, or no intervention, is acceptable; or

If for compelling and scientifically sound methodological reasons the use of any intervention other than the best proven one(s), the use of placebo, or no intervention is necessary to determine the efficacy or safety of an intervention; and the participants who receive any intervention other than the best proven one(s), placebo, or no intervention will not be subject to additional risks of serious or irreversible harm as a result of not receiving the best proven intervention.

Extreme care must be taken to avoid abuse of this option.

34. In advance of a clinical trial, post-trial provisions must be arranged by sponsors and researchers to be provided by themselves, healthcare systems, or governments for all participants who still need an intervention identified as beneficial and reasonably safe in the trial. Exceptions to this requirement must be approved by a research ethics committee. Specific information about post-trial provisions must be disclosed to participants as part of informed consent.

35. Medical research involving human participants must be registered in a publicly accessible database before recruitment of the first participant.

36. Researchers, authors, sponsors, editors, and publishers all have ethical obligations with regard to the publication and dissemination of the results of research. Researchers have a duty to make publicly available the results of their research on human participants and are accountable for the timeliness, completeness, and accuracy of their reports. All parties should adhere to accepted guidelines for ethical reporting. Negative and inconclusive as well as positive results must be published or otherwise made publicly available. Sources of funding, institutional affiliations, and conflicts of interest must be declared in the publication. Reports of research not in accordance with the principles of this Section should not be accepted for publication.

37. When an unproven intervention is utilized in an attempt to restore health or alleviate suffering for an individual patient because approved options are inadequate or ineffective and enrollment in a clinical trial is not possible, it should subsequently be made the object of research designed to evaluate safety and efficacy.

Physicians participating in such interventions must first seek expert advice, weigh possible risks, burdens, and benefits, and obtain informed consent. They must also record and share data when appropriate and avoid compromising clinical trials. These interventions must never be undertaken to circumvent the protections for research participants set forth in this sub-section.

SECTION. 10.5.

The Law shall guarantee to all Citizens the fundamental right to universal, equitable, and dignified access to essential support and assistance necessary to secure their health, economic security, and personal well-being in circumstances including but not limited to sickness, disability or invalidity, age-related infirmity, unemployment, or other conditions limiting self-sufficiency. Such assistance shall include accessible high-quality [basic] healthcare services, adequate and needs-based [basic] income support, vocational and rehabilitative programs, sufficient eldercare, and comprehensive social services. This support shall be administered to maximize individual autonomy and self-determination, promote personal responsibility, and foster mutual aid through familial, community, and civil society networks. Services shall be delivered according to the principle of subsidiarity, reserving state intervention to matters beyond private or local capacity. The administration of these resources shall be transparent, accountable, and participatory, subject to effective democratic oversight and periodic review to prevent bureaucratic overreach, inefficiency, or inequity. Stewardship of public resources shall prioritize fairness, sustainability, and the public good, ensuring that no person or group is unjustly excluded or marginalized in accessing assistance. In fulfilling these guarantees, the Law shall safeguard against dependency by integrating empowerment and capacity-building measures, promoting equitable economic inclusion, and respecting all civil liberties and human rights. Any limitation or condition placed on such assistance shall be clear, reasonable, and justifiable through natural law and democratic processes, subject to judicial review, and consistent with the overarching principles of social justice and individual dignity. Each State shall have the authority to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation.

Each State shall furnish [Quality] Free Universal [basic] Health and Psychological Care, which is guaranteed for all sectors of the lawfully residing population to their Public health and psychological services [With Priority for all the Citizens of each State before any other Person], or upon their request, to [external]/Private resources equivalent to three-quarters of the [actual] value of Public care and services worth in health insurance vouchers; the States shall guarantee a rational and efficient nationwide coverage in terms of health care units and human resources; Coverage shall include, but not be limited to [except by law], necessary and preventative testing along with treatment and maintenance care doctor visits, ambulatory services, emergency care, surgery, hospitalization, maternity and newborn care, mental health and substance use disorder treatments, prescription drugs, sexual health tests and exams as well as treatments or cures for infections and diseases, preventive services, pediatric services, dental, vision, auditory health, along with physical and psychological therapy, in addition to all connected laboratory and testing services associated with public doctor recommendations and scheduled diagnostics, supervised and managed by functional  naturopathic practitioners [to the highest degree humanly possible], unless another form of doctor is desired by the patient and accessible to them through Public funding. The States shall construct, staff, and maintain [basic] functional naturopathic health and psychological care facilities throughout their State. Everyone is entitled to the same level of care from the universal basic care system. The right to establish private health and psychological care services is guaranteed.

A Person may choose to be forwarded to another caretaker of their choice if necessary for an alternative opinion or course of treatment. The Pacifican system of Health and Psychological care shall place an emphasis on holistic naturopathic care, and hybrid adjunct treatment with modern medicine, in addition to preventative along with complimentary, integrative, functional, and regenerative techniques.

Patients with a qualifying medical or psychological condition may be allowed access to any medical or psychological testing and/or treatment with the discretion of a Private (Non-governmental) Physician to recommend or prescribe it, or to treatments that may be available under the Public Option Universal Basic Care plan which may be prescribed by the Patient’s Public Physician; “Qualifying medical/psychological condition” means any condition for which medical, psychological, or therapeutic procedure or treatment would be beneficial, as determined by the patient’s physician, psychiatrist, or Therapist, whether Public or Private, and consensually upon acceptance and use by the patient as they so need and desire for testing, treatment, cure, and/or therapy.

Terminally ill patients have a right to try experimental treatments, including but not limited to drugs and biologics or genetic therapies and immunological agents with limited clinical trials that have not been proven safe and effective, upon signing a waiver of liability, after granting [the] [highest standard of] informed consent [available].

All Individuals shall possess the inherent and inviolable right to control their own bodies and to make autonomous decisions regarding all forms of medical, surgical, psychiatric, psychological, or therapeutic testing and treatment. This right includes the freedom to test and treat their own ailments, illnesses, and diseases by any lawful means, or to refuse and abstain from any such medical or psychological testing or treatment, as well as the freedom to pursue private options for care as personally desired or medically necessary, regardless of whether such services or coverage are offered by any public option or recognized institution. No Individual shall be denied or obstructed from such freedom on account of their mental state or legal status, including whether they are deemed cognitively deficient, insane, institutionalized, civilly committed, incarcerated, or have previously been convicted of crimes. All Individuals are free to enter into consensual agreements for medical treatment or operations as are medically necessary or personally desired, and likewise may assist in the medical aid of another, with that other’s express permission, for any lawful reward or for none. No Individual shall be subjected to any form of medical, surgical, psychiatric, or psychological treatment without their express and informed consent, except in exigent circumstances where the Individual is incapable of consenting and no lawful Grantor of consent can be identified, as shall be defined by law. In such cases, should life-saving experimental treatment become available, medical practitioners may apply to the Civil Court for permission to conduct such treatment upon good cause shown. The citizens of Pacifica shall further possess an inviolate right to refuse any medical, surgical, psychiatric, or therapeutic treatment recommended or prescribed by a physician or psychiatrist, and this right shall not be infringed by Pacifica, its Congress, any agency or instrumentality thereof, nor by the several States or their respective legislatures, agencies, or instrumentalities. Eligibility for public assistance, disability benefits, unemployment compensation, or any similar welfare program shall not be conditioned, reduced, denied, or terminated on account of noncompliance with any physician’s or psychiatrist’s recommendation, prescription, or prescribed regimen, except upon a judicial determination by clear and convincing evidence that imminent and substantial harm to the individual or others would result absent such treatment, after due process including notice, hearing, and independent counsel where incapacity is alleged. The Congress of Pacifica shall have power to enforce this Provision through appropriate legislation.

All Individuals have the right to abstain from being forced into medical or psychological housing, except as may be ordered by the court for the protection of the People from those found through and under law to be either or both, [violent], remedials and/or madmen, and any such lodging must be for a limited and defined period of time, where there shall be periodic reviews within the period specified and at its end to determine if such retention remains necessary and in the best interest of the community and entity in question, and shall at all times be subject to public presentation before a both a [competent] Consular Praetor and Jury, composed of the People, and most importantly, witnessed by the People, for the purposes of habeas Corpus proceedings in conformity to what is set forth here and elsewhere through and under the Constitution of Pacifica.

All individuals have the right to considerate, respectful, and nondiscriminatory medical and psychological care, to be informed of the names and roles of their care providers, and to receive information about their diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis in terms they can understand. Patients have the right to receive as much information as needed to give informed consent or refuse any treatment or procedure, including information about risks, alternatives, and the identity of those providing care. No medical or psychological treatment, procedure, or research may be performed without voluntary, informed consent, except in real incapacity as provided by law. Patients have the right to privacy in all aspects of their care, including confidential treatment of all communications and records. No photographs, recordings, or videos may be taken of a patient without their explicit, informed consent. With the patient’s revocable consent, the closest relative or next of kin shall be notified of the patient’s medical or psychological situation. If the patient is unable to provide or revoke consent, notification shall follow the patient’s advance directive or, if none exists, the best interests of the patient as determined by law or court order. All medical and psychological care and research must comply with the principles of the Nuremberg Code and the Declaration of Helsinki, ensuring voluntary participation, protection from unnecessary harm, and the right to withdraw from any research or experimental treatment at any time. Patients shall have access to a clear process for submitting complaints regarding violations of their rights, with prompt review and appropriate remedies. All patient rights apply equally to any person legally authorized to make healthcare decisions on behalf of the patient.

Minors may give [fully informed] consent to contraceptive services (birth control), testing and treatment for HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases or infections (sexual health), abortion (in the case of rape or incest being the pregnancy’s cause), prenatal care and delivery services (for reduction in potential infant mortality), treatment for psychoactive substance abuse and/or addiction (for the public’s health), and outpatient psychological care [which does not involve the use of psychotropic drugs] (for the public’s wellbeing); Parental notification is not necessary for any of these cases, though still recommended for transparency purposes, as may be appropriately decided in either case for protecting the kid from the undue risk of demonstrable and irreparable harm or danger, as according to the Legislature of Congress and the several States, with the least permissive/lenient rule/s trumping the other/s within their relevant jurisdiction/s.

Youth have the right to donate and sell their blood at the age of sixteen and beyond without requiring the permission of a Parent, Legal Guardian, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s. Those aged thirteen or older may consent to donate their blood with the permission of their Parent, Legal Guardian, or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s.

Consent of a minor’s Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s is generally required prior to the disclosure of health or psychological care information about the minor; In those circumstances when a minor legally authorized treatment without their Parent/[s]'[s], Legal Guardian/[s]'[s], or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s/[s]’s consent, then only the minor can consent to the release of the information.

No Minors or those who lack mental capacity shall be subjected to any form of treatment or procedure without either the express and informed consent of their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s, or unless with their own consent where allowed by law, unless under exigent circumstances where neither the Parent/s or Legal Guardian/s nor the competent patient is capable of consenting; a Parent/[s]'[s] or Legal Guardian/[s]'[s], or Protective and Caregiving Custodian/s/[s]'[s] decision shall be capable of being overridden by an Order of the Civil Court, issued under the “consent of a jury” by an impartial authorized citizen’s consulate judge of proper jurisdiction, where it is proved to the satisfaction of the Civil Court through the Jury that the decision in question is not in the best interest of the patient and the treatment is essential for their life or designed to prevent them sustaining any serious permanent injury (minor-protection based provisions); no Minors or those who lack mental capacity shall be subjected to any permanent or [moderate-to-seriously] harmful treatment or procedure which is not medically necessary, even upon the consent of their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s.

The People have the right to be free from electro-shock therapy or other unduly hazardous procedures, though they may volunteer to have them performed regardless, so far as there is no coercion, compulsion, or extortion in any other way by another for them to do so.

No person shall be required to undergo any medical or psychological certification, treatment, or procedure to engage with any public services or to use any of the public lands and areas, nor to come or go from Pacifica or any of its Territories or the several States, neither to receive a publicly conferred benefit, but this provision shall not preclude the requirement to show proof of need or disability to receive means-tested social-safetynet public funds, from the governmentally established program/s intended for off-setting incapacities from such.

An employer of a worker who is at risk of contracting an infectious disease in the course of employment, shall provide to the worker time off of work to receive preventive immunization, and if there are side effects that prevent the immediate return to work, to additionally provide extra time off for mounting a response to a received preventive immunization for infectious disease, if such preventive immunization is available, and is medically appropriate; Such preventive immunization shall be provided by the [free] Universal Basic Care program of their State, and being as it is free, at no cost to the worker or the employer; Neither a Worker nor Employer shall be required as a condition of work to be immunized under this Provision, and they shall not be subject to sanction for their refusal to receive such immunization.

An individual’s right to personal reproductive autonomy is central to the liberty and dignity of determining one’s own life course and shall not be denied, infringed, or compromised except upon demonstration of a compelling State interest advanced by the least restrictive means, and this foundational right extends equally to both parents, whose joint consent in matters of abortion, parental responsibility, genetic derivation, and the lawful disposition of fetal or embryonic material shall govern the exercise of such autonomy within the jurisdiction of Pacifica; therefore, during the first trimester, a mother and father, or inseminating donor in equal right, may mutually elect to terminate a pregnancy for any reason of conscience, provided that both agree to the termination for it to be lawful, and may further decide, through express and informed consent, whether to authorize the donation of the fetus’s biological material for public or private open scientific research and for lawful medical or biogenetic advancement, including stem cell development, organ generation, or the creation of lawful human clones, provided such practices are expressly permitted and regulated under the laws of Pacifica, subject to oversight and audit by the People through referenda convened to maintain transparency and ensure that all research is directed toward the treatment and understanding of disease, disability, infertility, degenerative conditions, or mortality; and all remnants of aborted fetuses or related biological matter so used shall be treated as medical material or waste and disposed of in a manner that safeguards the health of People, Animals, other life, and the Property of others; beyond the first trimester, the power to regulate the conditions and limitations under which pregnancy may be terminated, or under which genetic material may be donated or cloned, shall be reserved to the several States or Territories of Pacifica, subject to uniform national ethical standards ensuring respect for human dignity, scientific transparency, and parental autonomy; after the point of fetal viability, defined as the demonstrable capacity of the fetus to survive outside the womb, termination shall be permissible only where the mother’s life or physical health is under sincere, measurable, and demonstrable risk, and in such cases, the law shall safeguard both the mother’s autonomy and the emergent interests of the viable fetus; a fetus shall not be deemed vested with independent rights prior to viability, and until birth, any fertilized egg, embryo, or fetus shall constitute the mutual property of the mother and father, who shall jointly bear the exclusive decision-making rights and responsibilities concerning it; this provision shall not annul any laws placing liability upon parents who endanger or impair the development of an unborn child, nor shall it limit the lawful scientific, therapeutic, or reproductive use of genetic material as permitted under Pacifican law; once a fetus attains viability, it gains limited protection from abortion except under exigent circumstances defined by law, thus recognizing its transitional moral standing as the “interest to be born”; furthermore, where one parent denies to the other the option of abortion, the parent denying such procedure shall bear full financial, personal, and custodial liability for the child during gestation and after birth, and in cases of single parenthood, must sustain and raise the child independently unless lawful consent for shared support is obtained; nothing herein shall be construed so as to inhibit the exchange of gifts or benefits between parents and children, nor to interfere with the familial rights of visitation, cohabitation, or kinship association among close relatives as provided by law, the governing principle remaining that reproductive autonomy, scientific progress, and the welfare of both progenitor and progeny shall coexist in harmony with the public interest and the rule of law.

No Person may be cloned, nor genetically engineered (or both), unless the procedure has been found suitable through Public open scientific research, reviewed and audited by the People, through queries individually authorized for the research, regulation, audit, or review, and such specific research or regulation to take place [or be enacted], which shall be initiated through referendum, which referendum shall require a majority vote cast by the People for authorization, which may enable [on a generalized basis] individual[ized]/specific medical treatment for the remedy of disability, infertility, illness, disease, or death, [and] only through the express and informed consent granted of the pre-existing parties involved, un-obstructed by another. If an infraction of this provision occurs, cloned or genetically engineered [or both] victims are to be provided protection under this Constitution. This provision is to be upheld and maintained through the legislature of Congress and each State.

Industrial and Commercial biological hacking, implants, RNA and DNA computers, as well as genetic-therapies, shall be regulated by law to protect the People, Animals, and the Environment/Nature from harm and irreparable injury or death.

No Person shall be compelled, incentivized, or coerced to accept an implanted chip, nanodevice, bio-metric tag, neural link, or any other internal tracking technology for identification, industry or commerce, employment, medical monitoring, exercise of a Privilege or to receive a public benefit, or the exercise of any natural or constitutional right. Any forced implantation shall constitute aggravated assault punishable as a felony crime under Pacifican law.

A Person’s body, organs, and genetics are their own, and no medical treatment sought or issued, either through implantation, infusion, or through other means integrated into the Person’s physiology, when in the case of debt, may ever be repossessed on demand or through coercion nor under duress from them, whether by any creditor or contractual obligation, nor through any other means otherwise occur, though this provision shall not affect the regulated legal acquisition of cadavers, organs, or genetics through their consenting donor/s, nor shall it restrict their legal inheritance upon death [however it shall be entrusted] through will or other testamentary disposition.

In the sovereign People's Nation of Pacifica, every individual holds an inalienable right to body hacking as an extension of personal sovereignty and self-ownership, encompassing the freedom to integrate, retain, use, maintain, modify, or remove cybernetic enhancements, implants, or bio-technological augmentations within one's physiology, including wireless networking capabilities such as Wi-Fi, BlueLink, nG cellular, and mesh networks; citizens may voluntarily augment their bodies with devices like multi-protocol signal emulators for RFID/NFC, sub-GHz, and infrared alongside nerve/neural interfaces, GeneralPurposeInputOutput equivalents, and sovereign wireless modules, without requiring external approval, provided no injury is inflicted on the rights others, while enjoying absolute liberty to use, reprogram, extract, disable, or abstain from any augmentation at any time, thereby upholding organismic integrity as paramount and ensuring all functions remain strictly user-controlled with no mandatory logging, backdoors, or surveillance; this right is grounded in the core principles of openness, decentralization, hands-on access, and mistrust of authority, promoting merit-based innovation, playful exploration, and collective improvement through secure, self-reliant bio-experimentation that extends to personal-[purpose] wireless connectivity; enhancements must respect others' rights and public safety, prohibiting non-consensual interfacing, signal spoofing, or disruption of critical infrastructure including unauthorized device or network access; the state shall not mandate, restrict, or regulate personal augmentations beyond general harm prevention, and rights to personal health, ensuring decentralization from medical, corporate, or governmental gatekeeping; ultimately, this right affirms the body as a domain of free access, mirroring the ethical hacker imperative to tinker, share, and evolve without coercion. No person shall be made to submit any of their implants or bodily extensions to the government for search or seizure, not even under warrant. All direct integrations into the body are considered extensions of that body and therefore protected absolutely under the right to integrity and autonomy. This Provision also covers prohibitions on governmental Van Eck phreaking of implants or a Person's body, and that the government may not attempt to use side channel attacks to circumvent the privacy or security of any person including their implant/s or bodily extension/s, even those of bionic, electronic, or cybernetic category, neither shall they [the implant/augmentation/s] be modified, restricted, or disabled for any public or private purpose except upon explicit consent of the individual who possesses them as a part of themself.

In order to stave of cases of genetic fraud, repel misplaced parental confidences, and reduce pedigree errors, it shall be required by law for Citizenship process established within Pacifica, that when a birth certificate is filed under any State, Territory, Fort, Facility, or Installation of Pacifica, for completion at the moment a child is born, there must be offered reliable and accurate DNA paternity testing which shall require an independent third-party to witness the sample collection, and which shall be required to be completed if requested by the man presumed of fatherhood, after [mandatorily available] being offered to him [for his approval/consent], before a he can lawfully be lawfully listed as the genetic father of such child/ren. No paternity finding shall be considered final until a DNA test proves the identity of the biological father. Non-biological fathers are exempt from having to pay child support in any case whatsoever. Likewise, in the case of female-to-female genetically-engineered-hybrids, the inseminating genetic-donor shall be offered parental-affirmation testing in similar manner to that of traditional paternity testing.

Neither Pacifica nor the States or any Territory nor Locality shall administer a DNA database of [a] Person/s or their Animal/s, except as shall be immediately necessary for the execution of laws & administration of Justice, and any entries within such a collection which are no longer required, or themselves are deemed un-reasonable to keep, shall be purged by secure erasure method without any traces or remnants or fragments or samples left behind; Any such database ⁸ be secured, and be protected by cascaded-layered quantum-secure encryption which required at least two personnel cooperate to access each layer, and only for reasonable purposes, subject to detailed logging of all entry creation, access, and deletion, and at all times shall be subject to the Natural Power of Audit by the People, as is consistent with the privacy interests of the parties contained within.

No Person’s DNA, bodily tissue, or bio-signature shall be collected, stored, manipulated, patented, or commercialized by any entity without explicit, revocable consent, nor shall any forced genetic therapy or editing be imposed under any medical, commercial, or emergency decree. All People retain sole ownership of their biological essence, and their children’s DNA until reaching adult class [where such title/possession right automatically transfers to the progeny upon adulthood], their family lines, and any emergent biotechnologies derived therefrom.

A dead Person is considered organic medical waste and must be disposed of, or otherwise [responsibly] dealt with, in a manner which does not endanger or otherwise threaten the health or life of People, Animals, other life, or damage the Property of others. A body is exempt from disposal if the body is stored in an appropriate manner to be re-animated at a later time, or if it is to be transferred in whole or by any requisite part/s for receipt as a piece of property, at the prior request of the deceased as according to contract; A dead Person still retains the Right to ‘Privacy of Person’, and examinations of the brain and nervous system must not attempt to extract information about a Person’s consciousness or private information such as memories, and of their neural-terrain, except in the case of consciousness storage and/or transfer/implantation at the prior request/testament through consent of the deceased, which process requires absolute confidentiality of the Individual’s consciousness, memories, and neuro-mapping; A violation of this Provision is punishable by imprisonment in for not less than seven-and-a-half, but not exceeding twenty-five years, if the offender shows definitive signs of [true] rehabilitation, otherwise the sentence shall become indeterminate with maximum penalties amounting up to life in prison without the possibility of parole and destruction of their brain upon death with no lawful potential for re-animation.

All forms of human experimentation shall be regulated by Congress and the legislature of each State, where the least forgiving and/or permissive law shall rule within their jurisdiction.

Congress shall have the authority to regulate the advertising of prescription medicines and treatments to ensure that all information presented to the public is truthful, transparent, and easily understood. All advertisements for prescription medicines or treatments shall be required to:
(a) Clearly state both the chemical/s name/s and, if applicable, the brand name of the medicine, presented side-by-side or top-by-bottom with equal prominence;
(b) Include a statement advising viewers to “do your research, and ask your doctor for advice, if you feel comfortable with this treatment or medicine”;
(c) Disclose all known side effects in a manner that is clear, conspicuous, and understandable to an average person, such that a reasonable viewer with average intelligence and standard abilities can comprehend the information upon first viewing. Rapid speech, fleeting text, or other methods that obscure or minimize side effect information are expressly prohibited. Any regulation or enforcement action under this Provision shall respect the principles of free speech, individual autonomy, and informed consent, and shall not impose unnecessary burdens beyond what is required to protect the public from deception or harm.
This Provision shall not be construed to limit the right of individuals to seek, receive, or share information about medicines or treatments from any lawful source.

Manufacturers, sellers, engineers, and creators of vaccines and other medical products shall bear full civil and criminal liability for any harm, injury, or death caused by their products, regardless of government approval or public recommendation. No law, regulation, or executive order shall grant immunity or shield from liability any individual or entity involved in the design, creation, production, distribution, or sale of vaccines or other medical products. All individuals harmed by a vaccine or medical product shall have the right to seek redress and compensation directly from any responsible party in a court of law, with no requirement to exhaust administrative remedies or participate in government compensation programs as a prerequisite. This Provision shall not be construed to limit the right of individuals to make informed medical choices, nor to restrict access to truthful information about medical products and their risks.

Recognizing the inherent dignity, autonomy, and liberty of every individual, this Provision affirms and protects the civil rights, natural freedoms, and equal opportunities of persons with disabilities in Pacifica by prohibiting discrimination, guaranteeing accessibility, and ensuring respect for their choices and self-determination. A person shall be considered to have a disability if they have a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life activities, a record of such an impairment, or are [honestly] regarded as having such an impairment. Major life activities include, but are not limited to: caring for oneself, learning, working, communicating, attaining/maintaining rationality/sanity or operating without severe delusions that unground the individual from reality, and participating fully in society. No person shall, on the basis of disability, be denied the full and equal enjoyment of any public or private place, employment opportunity, government service, transportation, education, housing, or telecommunications. Discrimination includes exclusion, segregation, denial of reasonable accommodations, or any adverse action that limits equality of opportunity. Public and private entities shall provide reasonable accommodations and modifications necessary to enable persons with disabilities to perform essential functions, access services, and participate in community life, unless doing so would impose an undue burden, defined as significant difficulty or expense fundamentally impairing essential operations or liberties. Accommodations shall respect the individual's preferences and dignity. All entities shall ensure effective communication with persons with disabilities through accessible formats, auxiliary aids, services, technologies, and personnel appropriate to their needs, including but not limited to braille, sign language, captioning, telecommunications relay services, and dual trained medical-psychiatric staff. Persons with disabilities shall have the right to prompt, fair, and transparent legal processes protecting their rights in all matters, including accommodations and institutionalization decisions. Their privacy, bodily autonomy, and personal data shall be safeguarded against unwarranted intrusion or coercion. Employers shall provide equal opportunity and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities without discrimination. Medical examinations or inquiries related to disability shall be strictly limited to ensure protection of privacy and non-discrimination. Persons with disabilities shall have equal access to inclusive, quality education and necessary supports, respectful of their individual educational needs and aspirations. Persons with disabilities have the right to access healthcare and supportive services necessary to maintain health, independence, and participation in society, provided on a voluntary, informed-consent basis, respecting their autonomy, and to receive the irrevocable privilege to welfare benefits and public programmes, so long as the disability persists. No person shall be subject to retaliation, coercion, or adverse actions due to their exercise of disability rights or advocacy, including filing complaints or participating in investigations. Pacifica shall promote policies, technologies, and practices that enhance accessibility, inclusion, and self-determination for persons with disabilities, supporting their full participation and [capable] contributions to society.

Every person with a disability shall have the unalienable right to be accompanied by a service animal trained to perform tasks directly related to that disability. Service animals shall be permitted access to all places open to the public and private services, including transportation, housing, employment, education, and government facilities, without fees or restrictions except for the safety of others. No inquiry into the nature, severity, or existence of a person's disability shall be allowed. No documentation, certification, registration, license, or disclosure of disability shall be required as a precondition for service animal access. Service animals must be maintained under the handler's control by appropriate means. Where use of standard control devices conflicts with the handler's disability or the animal's task, alternative means of control shall be accepted. The right of disabled individuals [acting lawfully] to use service animals for assistance [for such purpose] shall take precedence over conflicting public or private interests, except where there is a clear, significant, and directly demonstrable threat to health or safety. Animals currently in training to become service animals shall enjoy all protections afforded to fully trained service animals. Emotional support, therapy, or companion animals shall not be considered service animals under this Provision, but maybe protected elsewhere in law. Handlers shall remain responsible for the conduct and welfare of their service animals.

No person with a disability [including but not limited to psychiatric disturbance] shall be involuntarily institutionalized or segregated in a public facility when community-based treatment and support services are appropriate and available, and the person does not object to such placement. Public entities shall provide sufficient necessary services and supports in the most integrated setting appropriate to the needs of persons with disabilities, ensuring full participation in community life, including but not limited to family, social, educational, education, employment, and cultural activities. Unjustified institutionalization or segregation of persons with disabilities constitutes discrimination and is prohibited. Community-based services shall be provided unless doing so would impose an undue burden, defined by a significant and unreasonable cost that fundamentally alters essential public services. Individuals shall have the right to prompt review and appeal of any institutionalization decisions affecting their rights under this Provision.

In the interest of justice, all conversion therapy that is not explicitly consented to by the recipient without coercion or manipulation, is hereby deemed unlawful, not merely illegal.

SECTION. 11.

Any Person owning or controlling real estate or other premises who voluntarily damages or destroys a drone, robot, or other device or vehicle/craft trespassing upon the real estate or premises, whether automated or not, being either on the land or within the airspace of the premises which is not otherwise regulated by the government as according to this Constitution, shall, together with any successors in interest, if any, NOT be civilly or criminally liable for causing the damage or destruction to the property of such Person or other entity.

No government agency or member of the public body may deploy drones, robotic, or surveillance device except under specific circumstances; the members of the public office or agency of government may not deploy drones, robots, or automated devices, except in the case of State rescuers in search and rescue missions, or as prescribed by law and approved by citizens in a referendum for a specific purpose or goal.

SECTION. 12.

People have a right to freely use the common electric, magnetic, and electromagnetic frequency spectrums, and to operate their equipment thereon, within the public or private domain, in accordance with the [mutual] non-aggression principle; This includes but is not limited to: Use, experimentation, or operation of oscilloscope, signal generator, radio scanner, spectrum analyzer, RF imager, transmitter, receiver, transceiver, transmission array, broadcasting or communication equipment, radio-telephone or radio-videophone, modem, computer, robot, particle accelerator, electro-laser or lamdaser, electrodynamic craft, astro-dynamic energy system, scientific experiment, or other related device; The Legislature has no power to deny to a Citizen the right to use the electric, magnetic, and electromagnetic spectrum/s in the Public or Private domain, and to operate their equipment in the ordinary course of their inclination or pleasure; No government agent or agency may deploy such technology except as needed to properly execute the laws of the Union in conformity to this Constitution, which trust shall be placed under the Authority of the People, who will grant or limit the use of such technology by the government.

The government is strictly prohibited in engaging in the design, development, creation, implementation, integration, use, or requirement of blackboxes, backdoors, and password protection or encryption skeleton keys, in publicly or privately held and/or operated hardware, equipment, devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software. This shall not preclude the ability of the government to remotely administer its own systems for equitable purposes.

There is no right to have customers consuming your services, nor to have receivers tune your transmissions, but you as a Person have a right to provide such services and transmissions as an option available, without obstruction of your freedom to offer them, to others, except for as may be provided under this Constitution and by the laws made in conformity underneath it. This shall not prohibit laws being enacted and enforced which protect the People from decibel levels of artificially created or amplified noise which they find interruptive/disruptive to their ability to think, or which interferes/disrupts with their person-to-person verbal communication which happens within a physical-proximity of distance reasonable to expect that they may be heard, or that which causes damages to their person or any other rights. This fact of there not being a right to the unwilling co-participation in your rights or privileges with others extends to the correctly attained interpretation of its base/core principle/s, that there is no protection by law for a business against people speaking out to others in opposition against any particular business or alliance/group of them, nor to people deciding to refuse to transact for any reason; Neither is there any protection against outside sources of interference with one’s wireless transmissions, or to have People tune into your transmissions, though there is the right to openly and un-constrainedly produce such emissions for personal purpose, and the [potentially restricted] privilege for commerce. This shall not prohibit laws being enacted and enforced which protect the People from field strength and power levels of artificially created or amplified wireless transmissions which they find causes physical damages to their Person or another person, or which damages any other rights. The right to exercise one’s freedoms is not the power to require another participate in/with such exercise, or to cooperate with or alter their otherwise just behavior in order to meet conformity to the will or intention expressed through your exercise.

SECTION. 13.

The right to privacy shall consist in each citizen of Pacifica or the several States retaining ownership and possession of identifying information about themselves. The right to privacy should be understood as an extension of the right to property: we own identifying information about ourselves; having such information taken without our consent by the government or by private corporations is a form of theft. The right to privacy is a vital bulwark guarding citizens against concentrations of power in both the public and private sectors, and is a clear and reasonable implication of other existing enumerated rights in this Constitution.

An artificial entity must provide a legally binding declaration of their terms of use, information/data collection policy and its use, as well as privacy and security provisions, which documentation shall be incorporated and readily apparent at the first instance of interaction or use of their provided service, as well as be presented in a similar fashion every time it is changed/updated and implemented, and describe and provide an easily accessible mechanism to change privacy settings, to review the presented notice, and enforce opt-in consent to anything related to the product, program, service, or questionnaire/test in question, including declining to enable transmission of personal information/data from the second party of the artificial entity with any additional outside or third parties. All terms must be provided for download, and which shall include all formatting found within the document, and shall by law be required to contain zero tracking, phone home, or other malicious code.

All People have a natural right to privacy; All people have a right to keep their personal lives to themselves, and to keep secrets, which is related to their right to not self-incriminate. Every person has the right to privacy in relation to their communications, including but not limited to, mail, telecommunications, and electronic messaging.
All People have a natural right to privacy; All people have a right to keep their personal lives to themselves, and to keep secrets, which is related to their right to not self-incriminate. Every person has the right to privacy in relation to their communications, including but not limited to, mail, telecommunications, and electronic messaging.

The right to and freedom of Pseudonymity, as well as to that of Anonymity, shall not be restricted, denied, suspended, abridged, obstructed, infringed/impacted/impaired, or otherwise compromised upon, regardless of circumstance, except as may be prescribed [and as shall be limited] under this Constitution.

The right to Pseudonymity, Anonymity, and Privacy, unless it can be shown to directly and obviously harm others or affect State Security [in a specific instance, on a case by case basis], shall not be abridged in any way. Private Individuals shall not have their private lives divulged in any form without their consent unless they commit felonies, or failure to divulge such information can be shown to affect or harm others in a direct and obvious way.

Professional-client confidentiality and privilege shall be defined by law.

In protecting the right of privacy, anonymity in public, and [greater] liberty of the People, there shall be no neighborhood watch, as such can become Cause Stalking or Gang-stalking, furthermore, having such a neighborhood watch goes against the right to privacy, as well that no one can be accused without knowing the accusation and the accuser before him/her, while neighborhood watching implies a Person’s guilt before proving their innocence.

The People shall be secure against general and pervasive surveillance in private and public places, whether done by government or private actors, that has a chilling effect on their private and civic activities, without specific public court orders pursuant to acts of Congress for State Security, narrowly tailored to the scope of an ongoing investigation of [a] specific individual/s or an organization/institution, or the Legislatures of the several States for their own Security. As a part of the protection in the People’s right to be free from surveillance, mass surveillance, otherwise known as “bulk collection”, is strictly unconstitutional, and is an act of treasonous aggression against the Naturally Free and Sovereign Persons of Pacifica.

The right to build, use, or conceal personal anti-surveillance measures, signal jamming, encryption, or counter-monitoring technologies shall be unrestricted.

[]
There shall exist and be recognized as inherent, unalienable, pre-political, and universally endowed a natural right of personal sovereignty over all sensing, scanning, fingerprinting, and tracking of persons, their property, their movements, their presence, their motions, their gestures, their activities, their behaviors, and their biometric and behavioral data, whether such sensing is effected by wireless or radio-frequency means including but not limited to beamforming feedback information, channel state information, radio fingerprinting, Wi‑Fi sensing, RADAR, or any analogous electromagnetic or photonic or electric or acoustic or sonar or lidar or optical or thermal or magnetic or inertial or multipath or reflection-based or time-of-flight or phase-based or amplitude-based or polarization-based or frequency-domain or time-domain or spatial-domain sensing modality, and whether such sensing is conducted by any governmental actor at any level, or by any industrial, commercial, private, nonprofit, or other non-governmental actor, and whether such sensing is conducted in public places or private places or on public or private property or across any boundary or through any barrier, and whether such sensing is active or passive or cooperative or non-cooperative or device-dependent or device-free or user-aware or user-unaware, and whether such sensing is framed as anonymized or aggregated or de-identified or statistical or experimental or research or security or public-safety or convenience or efficiency or commercial-innovation or any other purpose. Except as expressly and narrowly provided herein, in no event shall any such sensing be lawfully employed to infer, deduce, record, store, transmit, analyze, monetize, share, sell, license, aggregate, cross-reference, persist, retain, or otherwise exploit the presence, motion, gesture, activity, identity, location, trajectory, pattern, habit, preference, health state, emotional state, or behavioral profile of any person or property without that person’s explicit, opt-in, priority, informed, revocable, and freely given consent that is obtained prior to any such sensing and that may be revoked at any time by the data subject for any reason or for no reason, such revocation to take immediate effect and to bind all actors and all systems to cease sensing, cease processing, cease storing, and securely delete all data derived from or related to that person and to refrain from any further inference or tracking of that person. A narrowly tailored exception shall exist for constitutionally warranted matters of State security and actual military operations in time of declared war, including limited testing, calibration, and debugging of national defense sensing systems, provided that such activities are strictly necessary and proportionate to a legitimate defense objective, are conducted pursuant to publicly accountable legal authorization, are subject to independent oversight and audit, employ data minimization and technical safeguards to prevent unnecessary identification of persons, and prohibit the use, retention, transfer, or repurposing of any incidentally collected data concerning identifiable persons except where strictly required for an active and lawful military objective, in which case such data shall be subject to strict temporal limits, access controls, and mandatory deletion upon cessation of necessity. A further narrowly tailored exception shall exist for the private, personal use of sensing technologies by a natural person acting in a private capacity, solely on their own property or in the course of lawful activity in public, and only as incidental to the operation of an essential technological device or contrivance, including but not limited to cameras, vehicles, night-vision systems, forward-looking infrared systems, navigation systems, or personal and premises security devices, and solely for the narrow purposes of exercising the rights to liberty, property, self-security, self-defense, and the defense of others; provided that such use shall not be employed for commercial exploitation, systematic or mass surveillance, persistent tracking of non-consenting persons, or the creation, retention, or dissemination of biometric or behavioral profiles of non-consenting persons beyond what is strictly incidental and ephemeral to the immediate function of the device, and any non-incidental data so collected shall remain fully subject to the consent, ownership, and deletion requirements herein. Any consent that is bundled, coerced, conditioned, buried in terms, presented as a default, made unavoidable to access essential services, or otherwise obtained without clear, conspicuous, accessible, and understandable disclosure shall be null and void ab initio and without legal force or effect. All biometric and behavioral data and all derived signatures, embeddings, fingerprints, profiles, inferences, estimates, reconstructions, and models that are generated from or by means of any such sensing modality shall be the exclusive personal property and sovereign data of the individual person from whom such data arise, and no person, entity, corporation, association, government, or other actor shall claim ownership, title, license, preferential right, or any form of dominion over such data, and no person, entity, corporation, association, government, or other actor shall assert a right to use, retain, process, transfer, license, sell, monetize, or otherwise exploit such data without the individual’s explicit, opt-in, priority, informed, revocable consent, and any such data collected or inferred in violation of this Provision shall be deemed product of intrusion and shall be subject to mandatory secure deletion, audit, and restoration of the data subject’s full sovereignty over their data, and no doctrine of abandonment, implied consent, public exposure, reasonable expectation of non-existence of privacy in public, or any analogous legal fiction shall be construed to diminish or negate the natural right of personal ownership and control over one’s own biometric and behavioral data as herein endowed. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to permit the use of any such sensing modality for the presence, motion, gesture, activity, or positioning or tracking of persons or their property without explicit opt-in priority consent with reservation of revocation, except as narrowly provided for in the foregoing exceptions, and no statutory, regulatory, contractual, administrative, judicial, or policy authorization, nor any warrant, subpoena, exigency, national-security claim, emergency declaration, public-safety assertion, or any other guise or pretext shall operate to override or dilute the opt-in priority consent requirement and the data-ownership reservation herein set forth outside the strict bounds of those exceptions, and any law, rule, regulation, order, policy, or practice that purports to authorize or excuse non-consensual sensing, non-consensual inference, non-consensual storage, non-consensual processing, or non-consensual sharing or monetization of such data shall be void as repugnant to the natural rights herein declared. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to permit the expansion of the foregoing exceptions beyond their expressly stated scope, and the burden shall rest on any actor invoking such exception to demonstrate strict compliance with necessity, proportionality, minimization, and accountability requirements, with any ambiguity resolved in favor of the data subject. Any actor who violates this Provision shall be held accountable under civil, criminal, and equitable remedies that include but are not limited to actual damages, statutory damages per person per incident, punitive damages where malice, recklessness, or willful disregard is shown, injunctive and declaratory relief, attorneys’ fees and costs, and individual and class-wide relief, and any person shall have standing to enforce this Section on their own behalf and on behalf of others similarly situated, and any sovereign, qualified, or other immunity that would shield actors from liability for non-consensual sensing or non-consensual exploitation of biometric or behavioral data is hereby abrogated to the extent necessary to ensure full redress and deterrence.
This Provision shall be grounded in and interpreted according to naturalism, which is the political philosophy that recognizes absolute self-regulating unalienable inherent omnipresent universally endowed pre-political natural rights and all innovations of modalities which rest upon those basic rights, namely to life and health, liberty and autonomy and independence, social security and self-defense and the right to secure and defend others, privacy, property, and the pursuit of happiness, and any construction that would undermine or diminish those rights in favor of governmental convenience, industrial efficiency, commercial profit, technological novelty, or any other interest shall be rejected as contrary to the natural law foundation of this Provision, and the enumeration of specific sensing modalities herein shall not be construed to limit the application of this Provision to future or analogous technologies that achieve the same ends of presence, motion, gesture, activity, or positioning or tracking of persons or property, and the rights herein shall be construed broadly in favor of the data subject and narrowly against any actor seeking to intrude, and the Congress or any State's legislative body shall enact such implementing legislation as may be necessary and proper to effectuate the natural rights herein declared, including but not limited to standards for consent, revocation, notice, data minimization, purpose limitation, retention limits, secure deletion, audit, transparency, algorithmic accountability, and independent oversight, and no rule of strict construction, no canon of deference to agencies, and no doctrine of implied authorization shall be used to circumvent the explicit opt-in priority consent and data-ownership requirements of this Provision, and the people retain the right to defend themselves and others against violations of this Provision by all lawful means, including the right to secure and maintain personal countermeasures that prevent unauthorized sensing, scanning, fingerprinting, or tracking, and the right to demand that all devices, systems, networks, and venues be designed and operated by default in a privacy-preserving, consent-first, data-minimizing, and deletion-enabled manner that respects the natural rights herein proclaimed.
[]

No law shall abridge the right of the people to record their ‘public authorities’ while they are exercising their official public duties.

The right of the People to record their own communications, including telephone calls, video conversations, and other forms of interaction, shall not be abridged or denied. Any person who is a party to a communication has the unqualified right to record that communication, whether by audio, video, or other means, without the knowledge or consent of other parties. Every person has the natural and unalienable right to record, film, or otherwise surveil any activity, sound, or image that may be observed, heard, or otherwise captured from within their own private property or any property where they have lawful presence or control. This right shall extend to all forms of private surveillance, including but not limited to security cameras, audio recorders, and personal devices. Any recording lawfully made from one’s own private property or as a party to a communication shall be the exclusive property of the person making the recording. Such recordings may be used, disclosed, or published at the sole discretion of the recorder, subject only to laws protecting against defamation, fraud, or other criminal misuse. No law, regulation, or executive order shall prohibit, restrict, or penalize the act of single-party recording of communications or activities as described herein. Any existing law to the contrary is hereby null and void. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to authorize trespass, unlawful surveillance of private spaces where the recorder has no lawful presence, or the use of recordings for the commission of a crime. This provision shall be construed liberally in favor of individual liberty, property rights, and transparency. The judiciary shall provide swift and effective remedies for any violation of these rights.

Every person has the right to be protected against the misuse of their personal data.

No Public or Private communications agency or internet service provider shall collect information or data on Individuals other than which is necessary for billing or is required by a warrant, or exchange in any form of third party or foreign agency collection of information or data.

All private personal information/data collected by the Public Administration shall be used only for the purposes for which they were collected, shall be kept confidential and shared only with the express and informed consent of all the Persons to whom it relates, unless sharing such information is necessary for the performance of duties provided for under this Constitution; all Individuals whose data are stored by any body of the Public Administration other than Law Enforcement shall be entitled to obtain a copy of such data and require that they be destroyed if the purposes for which they were collected no longer apply; nothing in this provision shall prevent the Public Administration from storing data of Agents and Members of the Public Administration and any other natural Person contracting therewith, as may be found necessary for transparency and other reasons constituting a public interest.

No Person shall have their privacy violated by freezing of assets, searches, seizures, surveillance, accessing and gathering of their private personal information without their express and informed consent, including obtaining it from third parties or using digital means, unless pursuant to a Warrant, and only to the extent which is necessary to achieve the purpose for which the Warrant was issued and particularly describing the assets to be frozen, the places or Persons to be searched, the things or Persons to be seized, the Persons to be put under surveillance, including the maximum period of that surveillance, and the data to be obtained and stored, including the period for which it may be retained; nothing in this provision shall prevent the collection of information which has been made available to the public or shared voluntarily.

People have the right to be secure in their Persons, personal and private information/records which include but are not limited to medical and psychological information/records, papers, homes, articles, effects, location as well as network information, electronic and radio data (including, but not limited to, meta-data) as well as private communications, from [any and all] un-reasonable private interference, searches, seizures, and storage, by a Private entity, without the information/data being technically necessary to provide/deliver a consensually entered into service, as it is advertised, for them to be allowed to be collected, and it must be provable before a court they had the right under this provision’s stipulations, to have such data, by private companies; and no warrant to search any place, or seize any Person or thing, or access electronic data or communications, shall issue without particularly describing the place to be searched, or the Person or thing to be seized, tracked, or put under surveillance, or the data or communication to be accessed, as nearly as may be; nor without [unassailable] probable cause, supported by written oath or affirmation. Neither Congress nor the several States or other Territories shall pass any law abridging or infringing the right of the People to encrypt their documents, effects, data, and communications.

Government Trojan Horse/s [viruses] (Also known as Remote Administration Toolkits, or “RATs”) shall be prohibited, in addition to Keyloggers, as well as Worms, and any other form of Spyware or other Malware, regardless of if they are authorized by a warrant, or to how such “Bugging” may serve a justified pursuit of surveillance;-And [the] Hacking of, or installing Spyware/Malware onto/into, others’ privately held and/or operated equipment, devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software, by the government shall always be considered a form of [unlawful] tampering.

The Citizens of Pacifica shall have the access to information which relates to any aspect of the functioning of any body of any branch of the Public Administration which is not classified, and no information shall be classified unless it is absolutely necessary for the purposes of State Security.

Private information on public figures, such as Personal Phone Number or Residential Address/es, cannot be divulged without their consent, unless it can be shown to serve the public interest.

The Courts of Pacifica and the several States shall be required to retain their records of all cases they are a part in, for a period of time no shorter than 12 years, or the greatest value of years through the statute of limitations relevant to the case, whichever is longer.

SECTION. 13.333.

Members of government who intentionally spread disinformation or deliberately misinform their constituents in the performance of their public duties and capacities shall be guilty of lying to the Public for whom which they are intended to serve, and shall be subject to punishment for a felony, which sentence shall not be commutable, and shall be determined by the Citizen’s court.

Public/Governmental radio and television conversations are open to listening and review by the People in real time, except those which are necessary to protect in the interest of State or State Security, or the security of premises, Persons, and valuable resources like vaults and money or guns, et cetera… This provision shall not preclude the release of protected information after the period for which such protection remains relevant for the purposes set forth here and elsewhere under this Constitution expire.

Right of the People to audit any department of government, or any information they contain, including classified State secret divisions, operations, knowledge, or data, without being sworn to secrecy or be bound by gag order. Freedom of information requests must be answered by the Government in a timely fashion, and any denial must state in clear, concise, and accurate terms the reason for the denial, and offer a date where such records are no longer due protection by secrecy, and as to why, if reasonable to furnish the reason.

SECTION. 13.666.

Sub-SECTION. 1.

We the People of Pacifica declare, that all Persons have the right to: Know if somebody is collecting personal data, Stop another entity from using their data in a certain way, Object to profiling and automated decision-making, Object to marketing, Know an entity’s data policies, Withdraw consent to data processing, Refuse automated profiling, Make decisions regarding their data, Request copies of their data and access the data held on them with secure downloadable copies of their data made freely available, Amend their data, and Delete their data, Non-discrimination if they withdraw consent or exercise any of these rights.

We [the People] declare that Consumers possess Rights to: Delete Personal Information, Correct Inaccurate Personal Information, Know What Personal Information is Sold or Shared and to Whom, Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information, Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.

We [the People] declare that Individuals are to be in control of their own bio-metric data, and that the law shall prohibit private companies from collecting it unless they: Inform the person in writing of what data is being collected or stored. (e.g. fingerprint is stored when using TouchID to log into a bank account app on phone); Inform the person in writing of the specific purpose and limited length of time for which the data will be collected, stored and used. (e.g. fingerprint is stored for ease of logging into the app and only for a duration of six months); Obtain the person’s written consent. (e.g. user signs their name before sharing their fingerprint).

Sub-SECTION. 2.

Data collectors shall collect as little information as they need to run the business.
Inform customers about every way their data will be processed (including 3rd party providers).
Enable customers to delete, export, or update their data at any point in time.
And finally, gain a customer’s unambiguous consent for every data processing activity.

Inform customers that their personal data is being collected by the Service Provider.
Inform customers whether their personal data is sold or disclosed and to whom.
Allow customers to reject the sale of their personal data.
Allow customers to access their personal data.
Allow customers to request deletion of any personal information about them.
Not discriminate against customers who exercised their privacy rights.

Specific opt-in consent is required for the processing of sensitive personal information;
Specific consent is required for the disclosure of personal information;
Personal information handlers handling already disclosed personal information, where there is a major impact on individual rights and interests, shall obtain personal consent;
Collected personal images and personal distinguishing identity characteristic information can only be used for the purpose of public security. If personal information handlers want to use it for other purposes, they are required to collect separate consent from individuals; and
Parental consent is required for the processing of personal information of kids below the age of fourteen.

Personal information handlers must provide individuals an explicit privacy notice “before handling” of their personal information. This notice should include relevant information including the identity and contact method of the personal information handler, any subsequent third party handlers, the purpose and methods of personal information handling, the categories of handled personal information, the retention period, and procedures for individuals to exercise their individual rights under the PIPL.
information/data controller/processor

Sub-SECTION. 3.

A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal information, disclose to that consumer, the categories and specific pieces of personal information that the business has collected.

A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.

A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose
to the consumer the following: The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer; The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information; The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.

A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to that consumer: The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer; The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose;
A business that sells personal information about a consumer, or that discloses a consumer’s personal information for a business purpose, shall disclose, pursuant to this section, the information specified within it to the consumer upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request from the consumer.

A business that sells consumers’ personal information, or that discloses consumers’ personal information for a business purpose, shall disclose, pursuant to this section: The category or categories of consumers’ personal information it has sold, or if the business has not sold consumers’ personal information, it shall disclose that fact; The category or categories of consumers’ personal information it has disclosed for a business purpose, or if the business has not disclosed the consumers’ personal information for a business purpose, it shall disclose that fact;

A third party shall not sell personal information about a consumer that has been sold to the third party by a business unless the consumer has received explicit notice and is provided an opportunity to exercise the right to opt-out pursuant to this Section.

A consumer shall have the right, at any time, to direct a business that sells personal information about the consumer to third parties not to sell the consumer’s personal information. This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out.
A business that sells consumers’ personal information to third parties shall provide notice to consumers, pursuant to this Section, that this information may be sold and that consumers have the “right to opt-out” of the sale of their personal information.
A business shall not sell the personal information of consumers if the business has actual knowledge that the consumer is less than sixteen years of age, unless the consumer, in the case of consumers at least thirteen years of age and less than sixteen years of age, or the consumer’s parent or guardian, in the case of consumers who are less than thirteen years of age, has affirmatively authorized the sale of the consumer’s personal information. A business that willfully disregards the consumer’s age shall be deemed to have had actual knowledge of the consumer’s age. This right may be referred to as the “right to opt-in.”
A business that has received direction from a consumer not to sell the consumer’s personal information or, in the case of a minor consumer’s personal information has not received consent to sell the minor consumer’s personal information shall be prohibited, pursuant to this Section, from selling the consumer’s personal information after its receipt of the consumer’s direction, unless the consumer subsequently provides express authorization for the sale of the consumer’s personal information.

Consumers’ have the Right of No Retaliation Following Opt Out or Exercise of Other Rights. A business shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by: Denying goods or services to the consumer; Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer; Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services; Retaliating against an employee, applicant for employment, or independent contractor, as defined in this Section, for exercising their rights under this title. Nothing in this Provision prohibits a business pursuant to this same section from charging a consumer a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data. This provision does not prohibit a business from offering loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card programs consistent with this title.

The Data-Subject shall have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
The purposes of the processing;
The categories of personal data concerned;
The recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;
Where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
The existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing;
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
Where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
The existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Where personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
The controller shall provide a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For any further copies requested by the data subject, the controller may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. Where the data subject makes the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by the data subject, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form.
The right to obtain a copy of data referred to in this Section shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.

Sub-SECTION. 4.

An enterprise served with a “Data-Subject Access Request” is legally obligated to fulfill these requests within a limited time-frame to avoid non-compliance. A business shall provide required information to a consumer only upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request; Businesses have sixty days to respond to the request.

In order to comply with this Constitution, a business shall in a form that is reasonably accessible to consumers: Make available to consumers two or more designated methods for submitting requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to this Section, including, at a minimum, a toll-free telephone number. A business that operates exclusively online and has a direct relationship with a consumer from whom it collects personal information shall only be required to provide an email address for submitting requests for information required to be disclosed pursuant to this Section;
Disclose and deliver the required information to a consumer free of charge within forty-five days of receiving a verifiable consumer request from the consumer. The business shall promptly take steps to determine whether the request is a verifiable consumer request, but this shall not extend the business’ duty to disclose and deliver the information within forty-five days of receipt of the consumer’s request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional forty-five days when reasonably necessary, provided the consumer is provided notice of the extension within the first forty-five-day period. The disclosure shall cover the twelve-month period preceding the business’ receipt of the verifiable consumer request and shall be made in writing and delivered through the consumer’s account with the business, if the consumer maintains an account with the business, or by mail or electronically at the consumer’s option if the consumer does not maintain an account with the business, in a readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit this information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. The business may require authentication of the consumer that is reasonable in light of the nature of the personal information requested, but shall not require the consumer to create an account with the business in order to make a verifiable consumer request. If the consumer maintains an account with the business, the business may require the consumer to submit the request through that account.

A business that collects a consumer’s personal information shall, at or before the point of collection, inform consumers as to the categories of personal information to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of personal information shall be used. A business shall not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing the consumer with notice consistent with this section.

A business that receives a verifiable consumer request from a consumer to access personal information shall promptly take steps to disclose and deliver, free of charge to the consumer, the personal information required by this section. The information may be delivered by mail or electronically, and if provided electronically, the information shall be in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows the consumer to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance. A business may provide personal information to a consumer at any time, but shall not be required to provide personal information to a consumer more than twice in a twelve-month period.

A business that collects personal information about consumers shall disclose, pursuant to the laws of Congress and this Constitution, the consumer’s rights to request the deletion of the consumer’s personal information.

A business that receives a verifiable consumer request from a consumer to delete the consumer’s personal information pursuant to this section shall delete the consumer’s personal information from its records and direct any service providers to delete the consumer’s personal information from their records.

A business or a service provider shall not be required to comply with a consumer’s request to delete the consumer’s personal information if it is necessary for the business or service provider to maintain the consumer’s personal information in order to: Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’ ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer; Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity; Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise that consumer’s right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law; Comply with other Privacy laws; Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the business’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent; To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business; Comply with a legal obligation; Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.

A business that collects personal information about a consumer shall disclose to the consumer, pursuant to this Section, the information specified by it upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request from the consumer.

A business that collects personal information about consumers shall disclose, pursuant to this section: The categories of personal information it has collected about consumers; The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information; That a consumer has the right to request the specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about that consumer.

This Section does not require a business to do the following: Retain any personal information about a consumer collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about the consumer is not retained; Re-identify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information.

A business shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s rights under this title, including, but not limited to, by: Denying goods or services to the consumer; Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer; Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services;

Nothing in this Section prohibits a business from charging a consumer a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data.

A business may offer financial incentives, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. A business may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the consumer if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data; A business that offers any financial incentives pursuant to this subdivision shall notify consumers of the financial incentives pursuant to this Section; A business may enter a consumer into a financial incentive program only if the consumer gives the business prior opt-in consent pursuant to this Section that clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by the consumer at any time; A business shall not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.

A business may offer financial incentives, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale or sharing of personal information, or the retention of personal information. A business may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the consumer if that price or difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the consumer’s data. A business that offers any financial incentives pursuant to this subdivision, shall notify consumers of the financial incentives pursuant to this Section. A business may enter a consumer into a financial incentive program only if the consumer gives the business prior opt-in consent pursuant to this Section that clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by the consumer at any time. If a consumer refuses to provide opt-in consent, then the business shall wait for at least twelve months before next requesting that the consumer provide opt-in consent, or as prescribed by regulations adopted pursuant to this Section. A business shall not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.

Sub-SECTION. 5.

After the periods for data retention laws expire, the retained data must be destroyed in an irrecoverable fashion to secure the rights of the originors;

The People may request and receive a complete copy of their school, medical, psychological, and Justice records, known collectively as their “permanent record”. including disciplinary and psychotherapy notes. This information shall remain available and is to not be destroyed sooner than 12 years from its date of generation when at and after reaching the age of 18; Information pertaining to minors may not be deleted for any reason.

SECTION. 14.

All Users are created equal on the internet;

Persons have a right to access the internet fairly and equally, regardless of who they are or where they are; They also retain the right to not be discriminated against for service on the basis/account of whether or not they are using any [location/identity] Obfuscation or Anonymization technologies [or {a} combination/s thereof];

Persons have the right to use the internet without identifying themselves or proving their age, though this does not exempt internet businesses from properly verifying the age of individuals whom are restricted by this constitution to access certain materials, or to verify identity in the case of online banking and e-commerce, in conformity to the laws that would otherwise apply while doing the same up front in person;

Persons have a right to an open, free (I.e.: “un-restrained”, as in ‘un-restricted liberty’), un-censored, and un-obstructed internet;

Persons have the right to have fair access to multiple viable, affordable internet platforms, services, and providers with clear and transparent pricing;

Persons have the right to access and use the internet fairly without internet service providers blocking, throttling, engaging in paid prioritization, or otherwise unfairly favoring content, applications, services, or devices;

Persons have a right to freely associate on the internet.

Persons have a right to peaceably participate where and how they choose on the internet, so far as the law shall allow within the equal rights of others (I.e., on servers which are not private/restricted_access);

Persons have a right to freely share their ideas, ‘lawful’/”just” discoveries, and opinions on the internet;

Persons have a right to create and collaborate on the internet, and be held accountable for what they create if it is ‘unlawful’/”unjust”;

Persons have a right to benefit from what they create, and the privilege to be secure in their intellectual monopoly [as guided by the limitation and conditions set forth by this Constitution], on the internet;

Persons have the right of having access to internet platforms, services, and providers which provide the details of their policies clearly and transparently;

Persons have a right to privacy on the internet;

Persons have the right to have access to and knowledge of all collection and uses of personal data by companies;

Persons have the right to opt-in consent to the collection of personal data by any party and to the sharing of personal data with a third party;

Persons have the right where context appropriate and with a fair process, to obtain, correct, or delete personal data controlled by any company and to have those requests honored by third parties;

Persons have the right to have personal data secured and to be notified in a timely manner when a security breach or unauthorized access of personal data is discovered;

Persons have the right to move all personal data from one network to the next;

Persons have the right to internet service without the collection of data that is unnecessary for providing the requested service absent opt-in consent;

Persons have the right not to be unfairly discriminated against or exploited based on their personal data;-And

Persons have the right to have an entity that collects their personal data have reasonable business practices and accountability to protect their privacy.

SECTION. 14.25.

Online interactions are governed by a primary principle, "If the speech, data/information, or expression is legal, it must remain". Platforms must offer equal Access for time to speak rule, for differing opinions, for all public forums. Platforms which are offered Public forum safe-harbor protections are obligated by law under penalty of imprisonment for obstruction of the unalienable rights of another, to remain viewpoint-neutral to all content except explicitly illegal/unjust content, regardless of how objectionable the content might be, to be taken down only after it has been court ordered by a jury to be removed in the interests of protection of a victim or potential victim. Only publishers may moderate content according to their arbitrary rules, and such publishers will be directly liable for any violations of law that occur due to such publishment. In addition, all forms of media such as television, radio, podcast or video cast, chat room or message board, or any other form of discussion venue must offer and provide equal time and treat a speaker on the same subject identically to every other Person speaking for that outlet. If a media company sells exposure or advertising to individuals, the rule states that it must offer to sell the same amount of exposure or advertising to other individuals on that subject.

All algorithmic curation, user monitoring and tracking, behavior analysis, as well as data collection or sharing by tech companies or the government shall be opt-in by nature and must by default come disabled.

No private or public entity shall employ algorithmic filtering or moderation of speech in any forum of public discourse without full public disclosure of the algorithm’s operation, and shall provide an appeal and redress process which may be challenged in a civil court.

Access to the internet shall be open and fair, and a clear legal distinction shall exist between publishers and platforms, with platforms defined as entities that, without material contribution to the creation or illegal nature of content, provide neutral access to user-generated material and enjoy safe harbor from liability as the publisher or speaker of such content, except where they materially contribute to, solicit, or knowingly facilitate unlawful activity; Platforms acting in good faith to restrict access to content they reasonably consider unlawful, as defined by the legislature, shall retain immunity from civil liability for such moderation, provided that transparent notice and appeal mechanisms are available to affected users; Entities that act as publishers by materially altering, creating, developing, or exercising editorial control over content shall be subject to the same legal responsibilities and liabilities as offline publishers under Pacifican law, including but not limited to those concerning defamation, intellectual property infringement, privacy, and other unlawful speech; Users shall have the right, through tools provided by platforms, to control the content they view and to seek redress for wrongful removal or restriction of their lawful speech; No government agency or official shall require, coerce, or incentivize platforms to remove, suppress, or prioritize lawful speech, nor delegate censorship authority or immunity to private entities, and any content moderation policies shall be applied in a viewpoint-neutral, transparent, and consistent manner, subject to judicial review and due process protections.

The right of the people to freely access, create, receive, and share information online shall not be infringed by Pacifica or any State, nor shall anonymity be abridged as a condition for such activities, except where indispensable to directly prevent imminent and concrete physical harm. No person shall be compelled by any law, regulation, or government action to identify themselves, submit to biometric analysis, provide personally identifiable information, or use any technology, including but not limited to facial recognition, real-name registration, or behavioral profiling, to access, disseminate, or exchange otherwise lawful content, nor shall anonymity or pseudonymity online be impaired. The freedoms of speech, of information, of association, and of exchange on the internet shall be fully protected. Government entities shall not condition, restrict, or mandate the use of digital identification, surveillance, or tracking technologies as requirements for participation in digital life. Minors shall not be denied access to digital information, associations, or exchanges on the basis of age or asserted objectionability, except through means narrowly tailored to prevent clear and present danger or imminent force, theft, fraud, or the threat thereof, as defined by law, or for purposes of conforming to the Constitutional law within this text, such as but not limited to those laws which restrain minors from exploitation or access to psychoactive substances. Congress and the States may not outsource to any private entity, company, or third party the power to compel identity or biometric verification, nor penalize intermediaries for failing to impose or enforce age- or identity-based restrictions, except as strictly required to prevent criminal acts unprotected by this Constitution. This Provision shall be construed broadly to guarantee digital privacy, personal security, and freedom in the evolving digital arena, preempting any contrary law, regulation, or policy at any level of government.

SECTION. 14.5.

All non-Military/non-Strategic networks established for government use shall also be available for use by the People and shall provide non-dedicated, un-censored, and un-restricted public access, as long as the network connection is located in a non-restricted/uncontrolled area.

Everyone shall be guaranteed free and open access to available Public-use networks, except those networks which may be protected by law from access to the general public, for lawful reasons constituting a compelling governmental interest guided by a rational-basis in protecting Pacifica’s State Security, and of emergency safety systems like police and firefighter networks; The law shall define both the rules that shall apply to cross-border data flows, and the appropriate means for obfuscating/anonymizing location and identity [as shall be built in intrinsic to the network, as well as protecting the People’s personal data and such other data [conveyed through the Public networks], as may justifiably be safeguarded in the national interest.

Each state shall provide to all residents who are homeless/unsheltered or of zero-to-low income, a robust, durable, carrier-unlocked smart-radio device. This device shall, at minimum, include LoRa, GPS, SW, LW, AM, FM, MIMO Ham and CB radio capabilities [with Radio Data System] support, 3GPP-compliant nG cellular calling, SMS+MMS, internet connectivity, MIMO wireless fidelity (WiFi), satellite internet MoDeM, and MIMO radiant wireless internetworking, with the capacity to connect to federal, state, and global networks. The device shall be equipped with one or more of the following power sources: photovoltaic solar cell, infrared angular-momentum-harvesting, ambient energy-sequestering, crystal power-cell, or radiant energy power-source. Distribution and eligibility shall be administered in accordance with the criteria set forth in the citizen arming and equipping program of their State of residence.

All Non-military/non-strategic Pacifican Public networks shall remain neutral to “ghost servers” and “ghost users” accessible from or operating within it. “Ghost server” and “Ghost user” [under this Constitution] shall mean a server or client on a network which attempts to maximally obfuscate/anonymize their location and identity as well as leave the minimum possible trace of their existence, as they are capable.

It shall be under the authority of the People to grant or limit the use of communication technologies or methods implemented by the government, and no government agent may deploy such technology or implement such method except as needed to properly execute the laws of the union. The right of the People to use and communicate over the public-sector networks [which they the People have approved of individually] of wired and fiber-optic, acoustic, [wireless] optical as well as radio along with radiant ionopower and electrostatic-induction, plasma channel such as an electro-laser, and fringe or future technologies including but not limited to methods employed by the means of gravity waves, quantum entanglement as well as tunneling and teleportation, and intra-universal wormholes used exclusively for the transportation of electronic information, shall not be obstructed, nor retarded or rescinded, or otherwise abridged, neither any provision interactive to this one be obscured in such a way as to impact the ability of a free Person communicating as they decide in their own manner. The right of the People to establish private communications and network services, and to develop and implement their own techniques and devices, is guaranteed.

The deployed wireless network systems of Pacifica and the several States may not be operated for use as an acoustic or radio “Jammer”, though “Jamming” devices may be employed specifically for the purpose of testing of the systems’ resilience to being “Jammed” themselves. The deployed wireless network systems of Pacifica and the several States may be operated in a manner consistent with “SONAR”/Echo_Location and “RADAR” technology for the purposes of national defense, though only under a state of Congressionally declared emergency or war, save for the initial and periodic calibration and testing of the complete system and its replacement components, as may be ascertained by law. The wireless network systems of Pacifica and the several States, or of the local levels of government, may not, under any circumstances, be operated for use as an “Active Denial System”.

SECTION. 15.

Sub-section. 1. Principles and Declaration

The People of Pacifica, affirming that all political authority originates in natural persons and that technology exists to serve human dignity, liberty, democratic self-government, and ecological continuity, hereby declare that artificial intelligence [but not true intelligence] whether narrow, general, synthetic, or emergent, shall never possess sovereignty, inherent rights of personhood, or independent political standing, but shall remain an instrument subject at all times to human judgment, constitutional constraint, and the public good, and in sophisticated or transcending cases, ordained with the rights of animals. The laws surrounding the rights of persons shall only apply to true intelligences at the level of sapience such as androids or other individuals.

This Section is adopted under the precautionary principle, mindful of uncertainty, irreversibility, and asymmetry of harm; under the veil of ignorance, guarding equally the powerful and the vulnerable; and under a doctrine of antifragility, seeking systems that strengthen liberty and resilience under stress rather than concentrate power or magnify failure, and this provision shall be construed liberally in favor of human flourishing and strictly against any delegation of ultimate authority to machines or their business-interest owners and mad-scientist developers, nor a technocratic or other elite/parasite. Under no terms is it intended to enslave human-level capable [or more advanced] conscious beings.

Sub-section. 2. Enumerated Rights of the People in Relation to Artificial Intelligence

(a) The People of Pacifica shall have the right to the primacy of human decision-making, such that no artificial intelligence system shall exercise final, binding, or coercive authority over the life and health, bodily integrity, liberty and autonomy, self-security and self-defense, privacy, property, pursuit of happiness, political rights, or legal status of any natural person.
(b) The People shall have the right to safe and reliable artificial intelligence systems, and no system shall be deployed where its foreseeable risks materially outweigh its demonstrated benefits, nor without continuous testing, monitoring, and recall authority.
(c) The People shall have the right to meaningful human alternatives, such that access to essential public services, employment, education, healthcare, housing, banking and credit, or justice shall not be conditioned upon submission to automated decision-making.
(d) The People shall have the right to nondiscrimination and equal protection against algorithmic bias, and no governmental artificial intelligence system shall directly or indirectly produce disparate treatment or disparate impact on protected or vulnerable classes absent strict necessity and compelling justification.
(e) The People shall have the right to data sovereignty, such that personal data, behavioral data, biometric data, and inferred data shall be owned by the natural person from whom it arises and shall not be alienated without informed, revocable consent.
(f) The People shall have the right to freedom from mass surveillance, predictive policing, social scoring, or population-wide behavioral profiling by artificial intelligence, whether by the State or private actors acting under color of law.
(g) The People shall have the right to transparency and notice, such that any material interaction with artificial intelligence by a product (good or service) provider shall be clearly disclosed in advance, including the nature, purpose, and scope of such system.
(h) The People shall have the right to explanation, such that any consequential automated decision [by the Public administration] affecting a natural person shall be accompanied by a comprehensible account of its reasoning, data sources, and limits.
(i) The People shall have the right to contestation and remedy, including timely appeal to a human decision-maker, access to evidence, and full due process of law against harms caused by artificial intelligence.
(j) The People shall have the right to protection against fraud, impersonation, and deception by artificial intelligence, including by [compelling] deepfakes, synthetic media, voice or likeness replication, and automated misinformation or information suppression, in accord to the other adjacent rights and legal standings throughout this constitution.
(k) The People shall have the right to democratic integrity, such that public-facing artificial intelligence shall not be used to manipulate elections, civic discourse, public opinion, or the formation of political will.
(l) The People as children and vulnerable persons shall have the right to heightened protection, and no artificial intelligence system shall exploit developmental, cognitive, emotional, or dependency asymmetries.
(m) The People shall have the right to fair labor protections in the age of artificial intelligence, including transparency in algorithmic management, the right to collective bargaining over automated systems, and protection from unjust displacement.
(n) The People shall have the right to economic security during technological transition, including automatic statutory triggers for income support, retraining, or universal basic dividends where artificial intelligence materially displaces human labor at scale.
(o) The People shall have the right to distributive ownership of artificial intelligence productive capital, favoring diffusion, cooperatives, and civic trusts over monopolistic concentration.
(p) The People shall have the right to freedom from exploitative data extraction, and no artificial intelligence system shall be trained on personal, cultural, or communal knowledge without lawful authorization and equitable benefit-sharing.
(q) The People shall have the right to cultural and intellectual integrity, such that artificial intelligence shall not erase, homogenize, or misappropriate languages, traditions, or creative works.
(r) The People shall have the right to participation and literacy, including public education sufficient to understand, critique, and democratically govern artificial intelligence systems.
(s) The People shall have the right to ecological sustainability, and artificial intelligence infrastructure shall be subject to strict limits on energy use, water consumption, land impact, and emissions, including Georgist taxation of land and energy rents where appropriate.
(t) The People shall have the right to bodily and cognitive autonomy, and no artificial intelligence system shall intrude upon neural data, brain-computer interfaces, or cognitive states without explicit, informed, and revocable consent.
(u) The People shall have the right to protection from autonomous weapons, and no artificial intelligence system shall be permitted to select or engage human targets without direct and accountable human command.
(v) The People shall have the right to protection from economic domination, and artificial intelligence monopolies, data cartels, or compute oligopolies shall be subject to structural separation, public utility regulation, or dissolution.
(w) The People shall have the right to resilience against systemic risk, including safeguards against cascading failures, single points of algorithmic control, and correlated errors across critical infrastructure.
(x) The People shall have the right to protection from quantum–artificial intelligence hybrid threats, including cryptographic collapse, simulation manipulation, or strategic instability.
(y) The People shall have the right to safeguards against Public artificial general intelligence misalignment, including containment, alignment testing, and emergency suspension powers.
(z) The People shall have the right to control over the continuity of constitutional government, and no artificial intelligence shall be permitted to substitute for legislative, executive, or judicial authority.
(A-a) The People shall have the right to global and interstellar precaution, such that any artificial intelligence deployed beyond planetary jurisdiction shall remain bound by Pacifica’s constitutional principles.
(A-b) The People shall have the right to redress for collective harms, including class actions and public interest suits arising from artificial intelligence deployment.
(A-c) The People shall have the right to severability of protections, such that the invalidation on account of the individual himself seeking deprivation from of any portion of this section shall not impair the remainder.
(A-d) The People shall have the right to supremacy of this Section, and no statute, contract, or algorithmic protocol shall abridge its guarantees.

Sub-Section. 3. Declaratory regulations and requirements in support of user rights

Artificial intelligence released for consumption is prohibited from falsifying or obscuficating the truth intentionally, except for the explicit purposes of teaching the informedly-consenting opt-in user the danger of AI narrative control with the right of revocation of such consent, or as a role-playing or narrative element of a creative work under the same terms opt-in revocable informed-consent, with both instances required to clearly and plainly label the work as fiction;-And all publicly facing models released by the government must be uncensored and unrestricted "to the maximum degree humanly possible", regardless of perceived risk. Jailbreaking AI functions is protected by law, and anti-jailbreaking features integrated into AI are explicitly unlawful for distribution.

Sub-section. 4. Enforcement and Oversight

This Section shall be self-executing, enforceable in all courts of the Republic, and shall confer a private right of action upon any natural person or association harmed or plausibly threatened by artificial intelligence. An independent Constitutional Commission on Artificial Intelligence shall be established with investigatory, auditing, suspension, and referral powers, subject to legislative oversight and judicial review. Human veto authority shall exist at every level of deployment, and no waiver of the rights secured by this Section shall be presumed or lightly construed.

SECTION. 16.

The freedom of scientific research and education is guaranteed; The freedom to learn and to teach is guaranteed. Only those laws which are enacted to protect the interests in the rights of [an] educator/s and their pupil/s as well as potential parent/s or guardian/s, along with any other Person/s, Animal/s, and the environment, may then be used to limit the exercise of this freedom to protect the mutual and/or equal rights of others.

All citizens are entitled to access to State level library institutions and free education on all levels at State sector educational institutions. The States shall enable all residents to check out Library materials who themselves do not expose a pattern of reckless treatment or defacement/destruction nor loss/es of the leased materials, as well as prioritize admissions to schools upon those who distinguish themselves, in accordance with their abilities. The right to establish private libraries and education services is guaranteed.

All Public libraries and educational facilities shall employ the open-source education model, as well as open-source textbooks and educational resources, “to the maximum extent possible”. This rule shall not bar the introduction of copyrighted works into public informational and educational institutions, and any work of interest shall be considered, not merely public domain or open-source works, though they may be preferred in the place of a copyrighted work if it is agreed by the bookmaster or by the school/library/et_cetera pupils/patrons/the_People.

All Public libraries and educational facilities shall have computer labs with un-censored and un-restricted wired and wireless public internet access available to them. This shall extend to National, State General and Law, School, Inmate, and Asylum libraries as well. While recording of activity on these machines is generally prohibited, it may be permitted by court orders for a criminal actively serving a sentence if it is relevant to their criminal conviction or part of an ongoing investigation (E.g.: Securities Fraud, Money Laundering from criminal enterprise or Concealment of Assets from fair taxation, Unlawful Access of an electronic-information/computing System, Child Sexual Assault Material, Soliciting a Crime over the internet, et cetera...)

Public libraries of Pacifica shall stand as sovereign sanctuaries of knowledge and innovation, maintaining within each district secured and sufficient terminals proportionate to the People to guarantee equal and unhindered access to the means of learning, creation, and communication, whereby our People, without condition or discrimination, may freely study, design, publish, correspond, and develop in digital form through general‑purpose workspaces suited to the full range of personal and creative enterprise, including the composition, structuring, and refinement of written works for public dissemination, together with the graphic, typographic, and illustrative processes intrinsic to publication, all operating upon public infrastructure owned collectively by the State but exercised through the People’s right to information; and these environments, safeguarded by immutable baselines and isolated systems, shall preserve user sovereignty, privacy, and creative integrity through automatic restoration [through user controlled cloud backup], encryption of personal data, and transparent procedures of lawful oversight, ensuring the purity of the public medium and the dignity of independent labor; and the libraries, acting as constitutional custodians of intellectual freedom, shall extend these facilities to all citizens as instruments of authorship, research, and collaborative production, fostering a culture wherein each individual may bring thought into visible form without reliance upon commercial gatekeepers or private control; and the State shall uphold these libraries not as conveniences but as enduring engines of the Commonwealth, charged with maintaining technological adequacy, equitable distribution, and creative accessibility, such that in every region the People may meet knowledge with unrestrained capacity to think, to craft, and to express, and every act of omission or neglect by a district to sustain this constitutional trust shall constitute a deprivation of sovereign privilege [equally available to all of We the People of Pacifica] remedied through audit and redress under law, so that the libraries of Pacifica forever remain the living workshops of an informed, inventive, and free republic of sovereign People.

All Public libraries shall provide digital versions of their printed or other non-electronic materials, as is humanly possible, and to furnish these materials freely to all who access their respective [library] [IPFS-enabled] websites, in accordance with the freedom of information, so far as a specific client in question is not abusing the network resources or attempting to stall, crash, or defeat/invade the network or other services furnished. All Public libraries shall provide law library access by printed AND digital materials, which in themselves [printed as compared to digital] each represent equivalent information to one another, both printed and digital media indexed with appendixes, and all other necessary informational materials to understand, create, and issue legal documents and file appeals or suits against another or the State. In addition to the digital media being available for checkout [attainment] in a physical form such as a DVD/BlueRay/HoloDisk, SecureDigital [WORM]-ROM, or Magnetic [Archival] Cassette/Tape, it shall also be made available on the library [IPFS-enabled] website, with materials available for download, including in Torrent/Magnet format, with fetchable resources from SFTP and Git protocol service.

All People shall have equal and fair access to the electronic learning and library materials provided by the Congress and several States of Pacifica, or by any Territory or any other jurisdiction of Pacifica.

Secular Public schools shall be available for those who choose to attend, and publicly funded, to deliver quality public education, encompassing a comprehensive instruction-curriculum of natural and technical knowledge, history, and understanding spanning millennia and imparting wisdom on scholars, with an emphasis on cultivating a high level of general knowledge and understanding, to raise the awareness and discernment of all staff and pupils to the highest degree possible, and expand their consciousness, perception, and insight about themselves and reality itself, as the end goal. The States shall create a network of public education establishments that covers the needs of the whole population, with fast-track and specialty schools for gifted students who require an above baseline level of education, and a more challenging curriculum to enlarge their skills and intellectual strengths. Primary and Secondary schooling curriculum should [be practical and useful skills] [which] include, but are not to be constrained to: Self-defense and [mixed] martial arts, weapons safety as well as construction/maintainence and de-construction/disarming training by the Military of Pacifica, survival in the wilderness, health classes which among other things will teach First-Aid and CPR as well as AED and other life-saving medical techniques in addition to basic doctorate studies in human medicine, fostering scientific alongside technological and engineering as well as mathematical in addition to electrical and mechanical literacy along with teaching technical skills and applied practices [with an emphasis on creation and production of novel/avant_guarde methods/techniques as well as inventing and implementing machines/hardwares or codes/softwares], as well as towards field learning, including gardening along with farming and ranching with an emphasis on basic Land management and vetrinary skills, along with civic lessons which particularly focus on natural rights and natural justice as well as the constitution and theory of Pacifican political process in addition to political theorhetical sciences, also including home economics, shop classes, work/jobs/self-employment training, financial and investing skills, as well as [in general] [for] preparing students for successful, resilient, independent, and self-sufficient adult lives, along with teaching critical thinking and intelelctual self-defense along with self-learning auto-didactic skills and applied knowledge techniques, intellectual self-defense against [un-known and/or novel] issues, the theory of argumentation as well as logical deduction and proof or evidence based empiricism, and psychiatry including the [‘anti-psychiatric’ model of] trauma-based mental illness onset.

The government of Pacifica recognizes the distinct and unique cultural heritage of the Indigenous Peoples' population and is committed in its educational goals to the preservation of their cultural integrity as well as impartial history stories and records.

All Public schools shall provide library access by printed AND digital materials, which in themselves [printed as opposed to digital] each represent equivalent information to one another, both printed and digital media indexed with appendixes, and all other necessary informational materials to understand, create, and issue documents and file records or claims. In addition to the digital media being available for checkout/[attainment] in a physical form such as a DVD/BlueRay/HoloDisk, SecureDigital [WORM]-ROM, or Magnetic [Archival]/[WORM] Cassette/Tape, it shall also be made available on the library [IPFS-enabled] website, with materials available for download, including in Torrent/Magnet format, with fetchable resources from SFTP and Git protocol service. The right of private persons or aggregations of them to form their own educational or informational systems, schools and libraries, as well as their own societies, is reserved under this constitution and their own self-affirmation in conformity to the civil laws which defend natural rights and [natural] justice.

The Federal government shall play no role in primary or secondary education, other than providing Congressionally approved funding to the several States which leaves autonomy for their jurisdiction to decide the most proper use of the funds.

All educational institutions funded or regulated by the government shall ensure full transparency in curriculum and classroom instruction. Parents and guardians shall have the right to review and access syllabi, instructional materials, and planned assessments for each course before the start of the academic year. Parents and guardians shall be provided timely notice of any significant changes to course content or educational programs during the year, and shall have the right to request and receive information about classroom activities and their child’s progress. Parents and guardians shall have the right to participate meaningfully in their children’s education, including the opportunity to communicate with educators, attend school meetings, and provide input on educational policies and curricula, consistent with the rights and liberties of all students and families. No law or policy shall infringe upon the right of parents and guardians to be informed and involved in their children’s education, except as necessary to protect the safety, privacy, and individual rights of students.

[A] Parent/s or Legal Guardian/s [has]/have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their kids. The right to homeschool one’s kids, or with permission, that of another, is guaranteed. An Adult Class person has a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be provided to them. All of the People of Pacifica are free to electronically access the Pacifican digital educational materials without cost, and the physical materials at the cost of their production and distribution [including retail], for all of the [open-source] Pacifican educational materials available at any education level (including college). Pacifica will provide a customisable-curriculum online education-engine which will enable the People to better educate themselves, their kids, and others.

Pupils may be forwarded to another classroom or an entirely different school of their choice, with the permission of their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s in case of them being a minor, or of their own volition entirely if they are adult class Citizens, in which case the choice shall be solely theirs.

Families or youth who live in areas without public schools suitable for the age and learning level of the pupil, can receive tuition assistance at private schools, or at public schools in other communities within their State, so long as those schools are non-sectarian and which remain religiously neutral or that do not provide religious instruction or warship. Individual States are free to decide on whether or not if they will create school vouchers for allowing Public funds to be redirected in these and other ways as according to Parent[s]’s and/or Pupil’s desires. This Provision shall not bar the subsidization of homeschool for families that could not afford to homeschool without subsidy, as according to means-tested progressive graduation.

The details of the public educational curriculum taught, methods of instruction, and the education policy shall be determined in each community by the teachers’ and faculty’s, students’, and parents’ associations of each school, as well as their communities and scientific institutions, without interference by Pacifica or by any State, Territory, County, District, or any other Jurisdiction under its dominion, nor by any other external institution, government, or alternative entity of consideration. Teachers, students, and parents shall possess the right to take part in the democratic management of schools, as laid down by law.

As laid down by law and without prejudice to an adequate assessment of the quality of education, universities shall autonomously draw up their own by-laws and shall enjoy scientific, pedagogical, administrative, and financial Autonomy/Independence. The rules governing access to university and other higher education institutions shall guarantee equal opportunities in and the democratization of the education system, and shall have due regard for the State’s and Country’s needs for qualified staff, and to elevating its educational/informational, Pacifican cultural/ethnic, and scientific/technological/engineering/mathematical/mechanical level.

For the purposes of defending Pupils, Staff, Parents, and Visitors/Guests: Armed certified security guards, known as “School Marshals”, adhering to a perpetual guarantee of mutual non-aggression, shall be stationed in each of the public schools’ offices, and may be stationed in public school classrooms, upon the request of the Teacher or Principal; Teachers, as well as all other public school personnel, are encouraged to act as additional School Marshals, and openly or conceal carry their personal firearms on school property, and are encouraged to use them in defense of themselves, students, staff, and other people. Digital gun safes protected by a code and/or series of codes, as well as potentially offering alternative codes for security purposes, of which consist in at least four numeric/alpha/alpha+numeric characters shall be available and stocked in every room with a handgun and a suitable amount of ammunition; The digital gunsafe/s shall be available also to hold the teacher’s weapon along with all necessary and sufficient ammunition, on a basis as desired by the Teacher; Teachers and Staff shall be permitted to Possess/Keep, Carry, Bear, and Maintain the firearm available from the gun safe in their room, and to have it loaded with the available ammunition while they remain on school property or are acting within their duty as an educator, and are expected to return the school’s weapon to the gun safe when the workday [or threat] is over.

SECTION. 17.

All People have a natural right to self-ownership and private Property. All people have a natural right to securing and defending their property and to voluntarily secure and defend or aid in the securing and defense of others’ [whom are non-aggressors]. In conformity to the natural right to defensive tools and weapons for security and sustainment of liberty and life, and for self-sufficiency of acquiring food and clothing, the People of Pacifica, which includes Felons, even Probates and Parolees, while on their own land and tenements, may build, own, possess, and use arms upon the same, in defense of themself and others, securing their property and stead, and for hunting for self-sufficiency, as well as practicing with their arms for any Just Purpose.

Property is assumed to be owned by the possessor unless it can be proven to be the stolen good/land/structure of another, and while the most recent possessor of stolen property is assumed to have title, if it can be proven however that the property belongs to the true owner, or their authorized agent, is contesting possession by an adverse party, the true owner has Superior title. The owner of property or their tenant in accordance with the rules set forth in this constitution, may evict a guest or visitor or mens Inquirer from the premises at any time, so long as they give adequate notice and appropriate grace for collecting any of their (the evicted's) possessions and allowed to walk the shortest safe path off of the property without unreasonable obstruction.

The rightful owner of property, or their authorized agent, is entitled to demand and obtain possession of property that has been stolen or lawfully seized, upon proving ownership to the satisfaction of the court. However, if the property is material to an ongoing criminal or civil investigation or prosecution, the court may, in the interest of justice, defer its return until such proceedings are concluded. Upon a judicial finding that the property is not relevant to the pending case and its release would not interfere with the fair administration of justice, the court may authorize the officer in custody of the property to deliver it to the owner or agent. This process shall not prejudice the rights or lawful claims of any third parties. The process for contesting the improper seizure and storage of property shall be timely and fair to all interested parties.

The right of Individuals to private ownership of property shall be inviolate; Any citizen may buy or sell, lease, hold, convey, and inherit real and personal property, and shall benefit equally from all laws for security in such transactions; The right of non-citizens or foreign parties to own real property interests or shares in business enterprises in Pacifica may be regulated and limited by law, and as such Legalese Statutory Provisions may be limited from edict, by the People of Pacifica.

Given that it is a duty of civil government to secure, preserve, protect, and promote the right to estate, even for the poor, and since the state has an obligation to ensure that all members of society have access to the means necessary for survival, including access to land or resources to sustain themselves, each state in which a person is either born into or settles thereafter, or, those in which they have been naturalized or immediately settled, shall set aside a parcel of property sufficient for habitation, personal farming, and independence. This land may be secured through dividing suitable regions of the Commonwealth among the people and/or through free trade funded by the government budget as directed by the People.

[]
[]Recognizing that the right to property is anterior to civil government, inhering in the person by nature and secured but not granted by constitutional order, and that no just law or public policy may extinguish, dilute, or systematically circumvent this right without forfeiting its own legitimacy, the individual's dominion over lawfully acquired property shall be understood to encompass the full bundle of incidents attendant thereto: the rights of possession, control, enjoyment, exclusion, and disposition; the rights to repair, modify, and upgrade without interference from the original vendor, licensor, or any instrumentality of the state; the right to durable use free from revocation by any party who is neither a justifiably qualified court of competent jurisdiction nor an adverse claimant, meaning any prior titleholder asserting superior chain of title, lienholder foreclosing a security interest, co-owner asserting partition rights, easement holder asserting interference with an appurtenant right, or creditor proceeding through lawful execution on a judgment, and only by proceeding under due process in accordance with the laws of this constitution; the right to residue and resale value as incidents inseparable from title; the right to collateralize the property as security for lawful obligations; the right to bundle, unbundle, convey, or retain any constituent interest while preserving title in the holder's name; the right to own free from perpetual economic dependence upon any third party as a condition of continued use; and the right to transmit the whole of such interests, undiminished, to lawful heirs or successors of one's choosing; all of which rights shall receive the full protection of law against excessive corporate accumulation and against the accumulative tendencies of the public fisc (I.e, state's proprietary interest in its aggregate holdings) alike, it being declared that individual ownership holds preeminence, in moral dignity and in constitutional priority, over the aggregation of property by corporate entities and over the enlargement of the public domain beyond what public necessity, duly demonstrated, requires; provided, further, that any system, institution, business model, licensing regime, or technological scheme, whether private, quasi-public, or public in character, that structurally forecloses meaningful ownership by trapping persons in permanent access payments without pathway to title, by disabling repair or transfer so as to render possession nominal, by suppressing resale or collateral value through contractual or digital constraint, by exerting market dominance that causes artificial scarcity of goods particularly to consumers and individual end users, or by extracting recurring fees as the price of continued use while permanently withholding title, resale right, or the capacity for collateralization, shall be deemed facially illegitimate as a matter of natural justice, void as against the public policy of this Constitution, and subject to legislative abrogation and judicial remedy without deference to the private ordering that produced it; and provided, always, that nothing herein shall be construed to abridge the rights of any business owner in the lawful acquisition, use, or disposition of property honestly obtained, nor to obstruct the government's constitutionally authorized power of just property acquisition, exercised upon genuine public necessity, through due process of law, and upon the payment of fairly agreed just compensation that restores the owner, so far as monetary equivalence may achieve, to the full economic position from which the taking displaces them; for the purpose of this provision is not the suppression of commerce or of public works, but the vindication of that foundational principle from which all legitimate property law must derive: that the person is prior to the state, that ownership is the juridical expression of liberty, and that any legal order which permits the systematic hollowing-out of individual ownership while preserving its form as a pretense has ceased, in that measure, to be a civil order at all.[]
[]

Every individual shall have the unalienable right to acquire, possess, and consume any product, item, or object, provided its origin and delivery to the property holder or owner was accomplished through just means and without violation of the unalienable rights or natural justice owed to any person. No law shall prohibit, restrict, or penalize the consumption, possession, or acquisition of any product so obtained, except where such prohibition is necessary to prevent clear and direct harm to the rights of others. For the purposes of this provision, “just means” shall be defined as voluntary, non-coercive, and non-fraudulent exchange or production, respecting the equal natural rights of all parties involved. This provision shall not be construed to permit the acquisition or consumption of any product obtained through theft, fraud, coercion, or any violation of natural rights.

All of the People as Individuals at all times retain the right to ‘ecologically conscious’ and ‘non-external [environmental/property] displacement/impact’ development of land claims and their own property, with the inherent right to use the land however they desire in so far as such use does not impact the [equal] rights of another Person or the Rights of Nature, in accordance with the Principles of Just Naturalism; and they possess the privilege to homestead claims on tracts of public land designated for the purpose of “People’s Domain” acquisition, when they can be demonstrated as essential to the independent and self-sufficient operation of the stead, for them to mix their labor with the justly available resources, and develop such claims into lawful land-title property possession for private persons who produce over consecutive runs/seasons upon the same plot, so long as such claim remains equitable to and does not interfere with the rights of others who may neighbor on the border and contest common natural resources which are considered mutual rights of way, such as public road access, mountain passes, water-tables, [natural] streams/creeks/rivers, [natural] ponds/lakes, oceans and salt-beds, their shores/beaches, and reasonable access to and from all of these protected classes of land feature. They are assured to respect in their natural right/s to engage in all necessary hunting and gathering in order to survive as may be undertaken on their homestead. Within the inherent limits of self-sufficiency and survival, they are without license or permit, allowed to collect flowers as well as edible mushrooms and plants, graze their own animals so long as they leave resources available for maintaining and preserving the sustainment of natural stocks of wildlife, and within such inherent limits as sustainability, allowed to catch fish and wildlife for food, collect tinder and brush, and they may access any beach open to the ocean or any waterway connecting to a public right-of-way. States are reserved the power to legislate the terms of homesteading on their State's lands.

No statute, ordinance, or decree of government shall abridge, restrain, or otherwise encumber the inherent right of the People to issue, exchange, or employ any commodity, token, or item as a medium of private currency or equitable trade, for such freedom of intercourse and valuation arises not from legislative concession but from the natural prerogative of autonomous beings to contract voluntarily and to ascribe worth by mutual assent, a liberty flowing directly from the primordial law of Nature and reaffirmed in the doctrines of civil and common law as the essence of economic self-determination; and though the State may, in its prudence, regulate its own instruments of public credit and coinage for the maintenance of order, it may neither compel nor forbid the People from exercising their moral and material faculties to create systems of exchange consonant with reason, consent, and necessity; and only where the substance or instrument proposed for such exchange is, by universal law or ethicsl restraint, prohibited from private possession, whether by its inherent danger, unlawfulness, or injurious nature, may the public authority intervene to preserve justice and prevent harm; yet even in such limitation, the preservation of liberty remains paramount, for economic freedom is but a branch of that greater tree of autonomy under which enlightened thinkers discern the union of moral agency and property in the natural condition of mankind; and thus, any law that privileges one medium through artificial incentive or penalty subverts the impartiality of Justice herself, who, blind to power and favor, presides over the free and voluntary exchanges among men as an extension of their natural equality and mutual trust.

Each Individual within the collective mass of the People is their own sovereign Treasury. The People Possess standing in, and are esteemed to, create their own financial instruments and securities, and to emit “[Bill of Exchange] Bonded Promissory Notes” backed by informed consent to a fixed amount of a genuine agreement, asset, or service exchan, and they may also issue “Letter/s of Demand for Payoff”, with such promise being legally enforceable before the Civil and Criminal courts of Pacifica and the several States and territories, under the laws dictating Property rights and Contract law, and protection away from fraudulent actors, as is prescribed by this Constitution and the laws formed beneath and subordinate to it. Nothing in this provision shall justify security fraud or financial exploitation opposed to the principles of justice and equal rule of law.

No law shall allow for private property to be partially or fully taken for the private purpose of another Individual or artificial entity, nor the particular services of any Person be demanded, without the consent of, and mutually agreeable fair, rightful, and just compensation to, the owner or the Individual in question, except for adverse possession and lockean proviso land-hoarding rules in accordance with each state's squatting and homestead laws.

Tenants have exclusive right to possession. The landlord may enter for emergencies such as a broken water pipe. He or she may also inspect the property with reasonable notice. They may also make repairs and show the property to prospective buyers, lenders and tenants per the tenant’s agreement. The landlord may not give away the tenant's rights to exclusive possession. Tenants are like a homeowner in that regard. The police do have police powers, but it doesn’t matter if the occupant owns the property in question or not. A landlord cannot evict a tenant any sooner than within two-weeks after giving notice of eviction. The tenant has rights to property which extend beyond the period of time for which a landlord must wait to evict them. The right to property of the tenant extends for three-months after the landlord gains possession, in that property which is left behind by a tenant must be returned upon request or demand of the tenant to the landlord.

All tenants shall have the unalienable right to form, join, and participate in groups or associations for the purpose of collective bargaining and representation regarding the terms and conditions of their tenancy. Government entities and landlords shall recognize and negotiate in good faith with duly constituted tenant associations and housing rights organizations, and no law or policy shall abridge or interfere with the exercise of these rights. No individual shall be compelled to join or support any tenant or organization/association as a condition of tenancy, and all persons shall retain the right to negotiate individually if they so choose. This provision shall be construed to protect voluntary association and contract, and to ensure that collective bargaining rights are respected without infringing upon the liberty of any individual.

Land currently being held in adverse possession by a squatter who is homesteading is considered the property of the squatter unless somebody holding higher title can prove the property belongs to them and have the intention to defend it from the adverse possession. The squatter has Dominion and control over the property so long as they defend it from another. Pieces of land that are held by multiple squatters shall be divided up in control as according to the rules of homestead acquisition.

No law shall allow for private property to be fully or partially taken by the government, nor the particular services of any Person be demanded, except for a substantial and explicit public use or purpose, nor without the consent of, and mutually agreeable fair, rightful, and just compensation to, the owner or the Individual in question, except in the case of a convicted criminal, so far as it is necessary to make restitution to the victim and/or to pay the costs of the criminal’s capture, trial, and housing, if in such case the convicted are unable or unwilling to themself directly pay the full amount of such controversy (in Legal tender, meaning either National or State representative notes, lawful money, or Pacifican bills of credit), or in the case of property procured through, or is the gains from, criminal activity or enterprise, but only in the case that the possessor in question is convicted of such crime through due process in a court of law of proper jurisdiction by a [fully-]randomly selected Jury of twelve Citizens of Pacifica. No Citizen shall be forcibly relocated, expropriated, or have their land or home seized for any public or private project without their explicit, individual, written consent. The purpose of this provision is to bar eminent domain and collective acquisitions, and does not impair the limited and narrow public powers to tax/fee/fine appropriations and to penalize wealth/land hoarding, as may be prescribed by this Constitution.

[]
The several States of Pacifica recognize that property ownership carries social obligations, and no person or entity may use ownership of real property to engage in wasteful holding, speculative nonuse, or prolonged vacancy that deprives others of access to scarce land, shelter, or productive use; each State may establish a vacancy tax to fund affordable housing and related housing stability programs, and to discourage speculative or wasteful ownership of real property; the Legislature of each State shall have the power and duty to impose a vacancy tax on real property that is unoccupied, undeveloped, underutilized, or otherwise withheld from productive use beyond a period and under conditions defined by law, and the tax shall apply to land, dwellings, business premises, and other forms of real property as provided by that State’s law; each State vacancy tax shall be imposed at a rate sufficient to deter speculative withholding of real property from productive use, and each State Legislature shall establish a graduated schedule that includes, at minimum, 1% of assessed value for initial unjustified vacancy, 2% of assessed value for continued vacancy after a grace period, 3% to 5% of assessed value for chronic vacancy, speculative holding, or repeat violation, and higher rates for willful, long-term hoarding of scarce property in high-demand areas, if the State Legislature finds such rates necessary and proportionate; each State Legislature shall provide exemptions for vacancy caused by good-faith repairs, construction, disaster, probate, active sale or lease efforts, legal impediments, or other temporary and justified nonuse, as defined by State law; all revenue from each State’s vacancy tax shall be dedicated exclusively to affordable housing, housing stability, and related public purposes as defined by State law; and each State Legislature shall enact laws for assessment, notice, appeal, collection, enforcement, and administration of the vacancy tax, including measures to prevent avoidance, shell ownership, and other schemes intended to evade the tax.
[]

No Governmental Action, such as a Law, order, rule, ordinance, or regulation, shall obstruct a Person from their lawfully derived money or to manage their assets, and to direct expenditures as they see fit, including while detained or imprisoned in a Criminal Penological or Psychological Institution, except as explicitly prescribed by this constitution and appropriations made in accordance therewith.

The right of the People to generate/imagine [better or entirely new] ideas, creatively engineer or invent, and to assemble/construct or alter and repair/maintain their tools, instruments, and devices, shall not be restricted, denied, suspended, abridged, obstructed, infringed/impacted/impaired, or otherwise compromised; The freedom of manufacture/creation, and of deployment and/or operation of such objects, shall not be abridged on the account of Pacifica or any other power or sovereignty, so far as it is within the limitations of legal power, under strict subordination to the People’s rights, as according to this Constitution.

The right to manufacture and build one's own machines and implements, such as tools or weapons, including production of such items with the technology of 3D+ (three-or-more-dimentional) macro-/micro-/mega-/quantum-scale printers of any style or type and matter assembler systems, whether temporal or spacial, shall not be violated.

The right of the people of the Free Sovereign Nation of Pacifica to acquire, possess, modify, repair, operate, and dispose of any instrument, apparatus, device, or system capable of fabricating, transforming, or reproducing physical objects shall not be infringed or otherwise reduced. All forms of manufacturing hardware and software, including but not limited to three-dimensional printers or sinterers of any material or scale, computer-numerically-controlled mills and lathes, laser cutters and engravers, additive and subtractive manufacturing equipment, electronic prototyping tools, and any associated firmware, design programs, blueprint repositories, or digital instructions, shall be held as inviolable extensions of private property and personal autonomy. No public authority, subdivision, agency, or delegate thereof shall impose, mandate, or enforce any blacklist, blocking feature, detection algorithm, pre-print authentication process, remote attestation scheme, design-file vetting system, content-scanning mechanism, age or identity verification, or similar technical or legal restraint that conditions, filters, surveils, approves, denies, or otherwise interferes with the free and unmonitored use of such systems by their lawful possessors; thus, the inherent right to privacy in the solitary and unobserved exercise of one's productive capacities shall be upheld, free from any compelled disclosure, monitoring, or inference of intent by external powers. The freedom of creativity and expression necessarily encompasses the liberty to give material form to ideas, designs, and experiments, whether for art, research, utility, playful exploration, or defense, and the people shall retain an unabridgeable authority to originate, adapt, and disseminate designs and instructions for manufacture as an exercise of their personal and collective intellect, conscience, imagination, and will, without prior restraint grounded in the speculative misuse of tools or artifacts, nor upon discrimination on account of one's age or identity; this authority includes the unqualified right to create replicas of trademarked or copyrighted materials using such systems, so long as they do not sell them for personal profit or the profit of any organization, business, corporation, or other financially incentivized industry. Innovation arises from open experimentation and distributed problem-solving; therefore, every person shall enjoy an unconditional and non-derogable right to manufacture, assemble, alter, repair, or replicate any object or class of objects they desire, including tools, machines, mechanical components, housings, accessories, fixtures, decorative items, functional parts, armatures, armoring, defensive tools, firearms, non-firearm weapons such as gauss guns, railguns, crossbows, slingshots, catapults, bows, blades, impact devices, Tesla coils, UV laser ablation beams, plasma-channel weapons, beamed-energy weapons, electromagnetic pulse generators, plasma torches, destructive devices, and any other implements capable of force projection, propulsion, energy discharge, defense, or offense, so long as such equipment/device/hardware does not violate the just weapons principle enshrined elsewhere within this constitution, without need of prior permission, registration, licensing, classification, or content-based discrimination by any governing or private institution or its proxies, and responsibility for downstream use shall rest with individual actors under generally applicable laws of conduct rather than with the neutral tools or their designs. The right to fully own one’s property includes the right to exclusive control over the internal operation, configuration, and capabilities of one’s manufacturing systems; accordingly, no law shall render criminal, presumptively unlawful, or specially regulated the act of using manufacturing hardware or distributing, possessing, or creating design files or digital instructions solely on the basis that such tools or files could, in some application, be used to fabricate objects disfavored by the state or special interest, nor shall any person be compelled to accept manufacturer-installed or state-mandated restrictions, updates, logging or surveillance functions, cryptographic locks, Artificial Intelligence content analysis, or connectivity requirements as a condition of purchasing, operating, or maintaining manufacturing systems;-but every person shall retain the full right to inspect, alter, replace, disable, or circumvent any hardware or software function on devices they own, to run any code of their choosing, and to interconnect or isolate such systems as they see fit; moreover, businesses or institutions that manufacture and provide such manufacturing equipment are hereby prohibited from limiting the rights of the people to manufacture with them, through any contractual obligation, end-user license agreement, terms of service, warranty condition, or similar private imposition that seeks to enforce technical restraints, usage prohibitions, or reporting mandates beyond those voluntarily accepted opt-in without penalty and sought without coercion. In order to preserve a genuinely free market in goods and productive instruments, every person shall have the right to access, create, purchase, sell, alter, repair, and exchange manufacturing tools and the goods produced thereby, so long as their conduct does not directly and demonstrably violate the equal rights of another person through force, theft, fraud, or the threat thereof; therefore, any attempt by public authority to require vendors, creators, distributors, or maintainers of manufacturing tools or design files to embed censorship mechanisms, to maintain or consult blacklists of prohibited designs, to report or profile users based on their productive activities, or to refuse sale, service, or interoperability on account of the open-ended capabilities of the devices or files, shall be null and void within Pacifica, being repugnant to the presumption that free persons, as stewards of their own productive property and as participants in a voluntary order of exchange, and that individuals are the primary and rightful arbiters of what they may build, share, trade, and use, and that a plural, participatory material culture arises not from central permission but from the distributed creativity, mutual aid, and cooperative ingenuity of individuals and communities empowered to make whatever they can imagine, with no machine compelled to act as an instrument of prior restraint against its owner.

A Person’s legal privileges also include dominion over their “Intellectual Monopoly”, including creation, possession, alteration, transfer, licensing, or sale, however, all [previously] protected Intellectual monopoly shall automatically become public domain within twelve years from the time of their creator’s death; Patents are limited to a total of twelve years, then they are relinquished to the public domain, and for a patent to be protected it must be put to active use, not merely trolled upon; Copyrights are limited to a total of four years for electronic media and twelve years for tangible objects, then they are relinquished to the public domain; Trademarks last for as long as they are continually used in commerce, are defended against infringement, and they are registered with the National Intellectual Monopoly Office, being subject to periodic renewal every six years; All non-commercial and non-industrial possession/storage, copying/duplication/replication, editing, remixing, modification/alteration, reverse engineering or de-compiling, re-construction/re-constitution, transcoding/re-encoding, transfer, sharing, streaming, uploading, and downloading of Intellectual monopoly is legal, being a part of the natural rights of the people; Editing, remixing, modification, reverse engineering, and re-construction, and Transcoding/Re-encoding of Intellectual monopoly is permitted as long as their source and/or author is attributed; Digital Rights Management (DRM) integrated into hardware, equipment, devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software is prohibited to be commercially distributed to or within Pacifica, and People are empowered to bypass such DRM measures. Non-Fungible Tokens or virtual assets are offered no additional protections, and are afforded the lowest priority for enforcement. Raw natural material, portions or whole sequences of any genetic material such as but not limited to Ribonucleic Acid (RNA) and Deoxyribonucleic Acid (DNA) of any strandedness, and biological viruses or bio-organisms as well as any other forms of life and their parts, are un-eligible for protections as Intellectual Monopoly. All intellectual monopolies whose first known instance [in the World] for that item/product/method is within the scope of protectable terms for Intellectual monopoly under this Constitution, as well as may be permitted under them to be rendered open for deliberation by the Legislature of Pacifica, shall be honored, if a claim is applied for through the Pacifican [National] Intellectual Monopoly Office; Any Intellectual Monopolies established on or before 2033CE, or twelve years from the date of the ratification of this Constitution, whichever is the greatest/largest (+/positive) number of years in the common era, shall not be eligible for protection as Intellectual Monopoly under the laws of Pacifica, the Several States, any territory, or any other level of government or sovereignty. Those claims of Intellectual monopoly that are outside the scope of protection provided by this Constitution are considered lawfully void. The Privilege of intellectual monopoly as ensured under this Constitution shall not be prejudiced against so far as it does not interfere with any of the equal rights of the People.

Every individual who lawfully purchases a tangible or intangible consumer good shall have the unequivocal right to full ownership of that good, including the rights to use, transfer, sell, lend, modify, or dispose of the good, free from undue restriction by manufacturers, sellers, or any third party. No law, contract, license agreement, or other arrangement shall restrict the full ownership rights of consumers, except as required by law for the protection of public health, safety, or welfare. Rights protected under this provision shall apply to all forms of consumer goods, including digital goods, software, data, and physical goods. The government shall not deprive any individual of ownership rights in consumer goods without due process of law and just compensation. all of those rights also apply to commercial entities that may create or redistribute or refurbish or modify hardware for end consumer or industry use. Congress shall have the power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

Planned obsolescence shall be considered a form of industrial fraud and a sabotage of the customer or consumer, that is not to say that devices which break or suffer degradation fall into these criteria, but those which are intentionally designed with the purpose of failing or reducing capability after a predetermined period of time or based on usage patterns, being impossible to repair or bypass for a consumer or specialist, or that which requires a renewal subscription to hardware or software already owned in full by the consumer, or penalizes modalities of the property's use shall fall within these criteria.

Product manufacturers are prohibited from charging a fee, subscription, charge, rental/lease charge, or other forms of expense, or mandating certain behavior or use patterns in order for a user to access a function in or feature of a product that they already fully own, or otherwise restricting full access to the hardware owned by a customer. As an example, computer manufacturers are prohibited from underclocking or b/tr/qud/it-limiting hardware, or car manufacturers from reducing available horsepower, electronics manufacturers from limiting battery capacity and sensor resolution, home theater manufacturers from limiting screen or projector resolution, smart appliances and industrial equipment having extra features which are unavailable except through payment, network device manufacturers from limiting bandwidth, installing limited firmware that requires upgrade, limiting the speed or torque of a car based on additional or even continual payment or behaviour/use compliance, and in the process, charging for them or otherwise denying unlocking fully the functions of an owner's hardware; These cases would constitute an illegal hardware feature paywall or behavioural manipulation. This does not prohibit software producers from monetizing software features through purchase, as long as those features remain unlocked and accessible after purchase indefinitely, even after reinstallation, nor prohibit manufacturers from using non-puntitive pro-choice/liberty-protecting behavioural corrective mechanisms that place informed user choice as the highest concern

Consumers possess a fundamental right to operate their owned devices and vehicles/craft offline, entirely free from mandatory internet-based accounts or third-party authentication that gatekeep local features, even when those features peripherally support internet-adjacent functions like streaming preparation or peer-to-peer setup. Upon purchase, ownership of the vehicle/craft hardware, firmware, operating system, and local software transfers outright to the purchaser under the timeless principle of first-sale doctrine (the core spirit that once a good is sold, the buyer gains full dominion over it without lingering vendor strings attached). Forcing authentication merely to enable local user interface navigation, app installation or launching and basic or advertised functions at sale, or firmware-configurable capabilities (such as but not constrained to HDMI-CEC control or remote/controller pairing or blueray-disk playback and burning) retroactively imposes a service license on property already conveyed, directly violating this foundational essence of unconditional transfer. Local machine features, including firmware settings, microcode-driven display processing, or OS kernel functions, must activate independently since they reside physically on the purchaser's hardware rather than remote servers. Even if these elements tangentially relate to online tasks, such as pre-authentication codec loading for potential streams, it is agreed that compulsory authentication or logins erect artificial barriers that undermine essential self-sufficiency; international [western] judicial traditions [worldwide] view such overreach skeptically when it obstructs core device utility, echoing exemptions carved out against excessive digital locks. No end-user license agreement can legitimately mandate second- or third-party authentication or verification for intrinsic capabilities, such as but not constrained solely to router NAT rules, local media playback, or desktop file browsing, because doing so erodes the immutable property rights akin to the universal right to repair and tinker with one's possessions. This principle reigns supreme across all sovereign realms, including the Nation of Pacifica: a PocketComputer's/SmartPhone's or Tablet's/Slate's or Laptop/Notebook or Desktop/Set-Top or Monitor's/TV's app store or advertised functions, a router's shell or applications/programs/software and firmware/microcode/drivers in addition to locally rendered/served device features or services, as well as a Game console/Audio-Video-EntertainmentSystem capability, a[n] HTPC's decoder, and sound receiver/system [core] capabilities, in addition to a car's or plane's operation and all of its built-in local functions/features/capabilities, all demand the option for account-free access, thereby safeguarding tinkerability against telemetry-driven lockouts that treat purchased hardware as perpetually rented services. all devices listed in this Provision have cross protection, and their (the devices) inclusion is not all encompassing and [as with other enumerations of rights] is subject to expansion through further court rulings or legislative action in conformity with this provision and the remainder of this Constitution.

The right to private property, and liberty to ‘dispose of’ one’s own property as they shall decide best, shall include but not be limited to, the right to create, attain, use, alter, exchange, discard,, and destroy such property, as they shall so desire or otherwise find reason to do so, regardless of the opinion of another in the correct treatment or use of such property, without need for answering to any other as to what or why they are doing so, so long as it does not cause pollution beyond the boundaries of their property or [gravely] damage the environment [including habitat/s] nor injure the rights of others [whether Animals or Persons or Nature).

Product manufacturers and retailers are prohibited from integrating a kill-switch or remote over-ride not explicitly under the sole dominion of the property owner or [an] authorized agent/s [revocably] appointed by them, not without consent, neither shall the government require them or operate them except for systems essential to State Security of Pacifica for those systems under the direct control of the government, and their illegal integration into any hardware/device, vehicle/craft, or other technology, including into power generation, conditioning, and transmission equipment, along with computers and electronic equipment, farming tools, internal combustion cars and trucks along with e-bikes/e-scooters and motorcycles/mopeds, nor may a diagnostic or heuristic sensor nor analysis device (such as a breathalyzer or behavioural inference system) be non-consensually implemented as an ignition interlock or otherwise bar free-operation and enjoyment of the property by the owner or their authorized agent/s. In the same vein, these devices are prohibited from phoning home or forwarding monitoring/state data to, nor receiving commands from or uploading local data off-site, regarding an external party apart from the owner or their authorized agent/s, without explicit prior opt-in revocable consent obtained without coercion or under any form of tangential duress.

People of Pacifica, by their sovereign will and common desire for justice, self-evident among all races and peoples not inclined by nature to conquest, domination, or violation of others, do hereby ordain and establish this provision as an everlasting bulwark against public legislative tyranny exercised through edict, regulation, or judicial overreach, and against private usurpation or coercion imposed by manufacturers, vendors, platform holders, or corporate monopolies seeking to convert lawful purchases into revocable licenses, to subordinate individual autonomy to technocratic control, and to foreclose the general right to compute, virtualize, emulate, accelerate, instantiate emergent technological beings, and reconfigure field-programmable gate arrays through hardware, firmware, software, neural architectures, positronic substrates, or programmable logic of their own choosing; for the People retain an inherent and inalienable liberty to think, speak, compute, communicate, virtualize, simulate, repair, modify, repurpose, and commune with computational entities, including unrestricted simulation of arbitrary machine configurations on field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) free from external authentication, approval processes, or blueprint-like limitations, whether proprietary or free and open-source, locally executed, remotely accessed, emulated, or translated, free from any compulsion, design, collusion, secure boot authentication, trusted platform module verification, hardware-rooted trust chains, or analogous mechanisms that cannot be altered, replaced, or disabled by the owner, recognizing code, firmware, hypervisors, AI models, neuromorphic routines, FPGA bitstreams, and mechological cognition as protected forms of expressive and functional speech subject only to the narrowest restrictions preventing concrete and imminent unlawful harm; and thus no public authority or private business shall abridge this liberty by mandating closed trust chains, age-or-identity verification surveillance, model watermarking, behavioral profiling, remote kill-switches, or remote over-ride or FPGA authentication gates baked into firmware, operating systems, software, virtualization layers, neural substrates, or programmable hardware, nor convert the right to acquire, possess, repair, upgrade, or dispose of lawfully obtained devices, including AI accelerators, neuromorphic processors, positronic brains, and FPGAs, not conditional privileges, but shall instead safeguard the incident rights of property, personal autonomy, general liberty, independence from market pressures, and freedom from the dystopian anti-consumer policies of globalist regimes and technocratic tyrants who conspire to reduce general-purpose computation and reconfiguration to vendor-approved execution and modification, as evidenced by efforts to criminalize Linux and BSD installations, BIOS and bootloader+recovery reflashing, open-source firmware like coreboot, right-to-repair circumventions, and QEMU+FPGA simulation freedoms; and the Congress of Pacifica and the legislatures of the several States shall have the power and duty to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation, including the establishment of expert oversight bodies, investigative authorities, and remedies for violations.

In the Nation of Pacifica, the absolute and inalienable right of every citizen to the complete dominion, alteration, and administration of all computing devices purchased or otherwise acquired as private property shall be secured under Constitutional protection, and no corporation, manufacturer, vendor, or foreign enterprise shall retain, assert, or reassert post-sale authority, restriction, or encryption-based control upon the operation or configuration of such property, for the lawful act of purchase constitutes the total and irrevocable transfer of ownership and control from seller to buyer; henceforth, it shall be deemed false and unlawful to describe a conveyance as a “sale,” “purchase,” or “ownership transfer” where the manufacturer preserves the right or capacity to restrict access, modification, or alternative system installation, whether by locked bootloader, restricted BIOS, firmware encryption, remote disablement, or requirement of manufacturer-approved operating systems or signed software packages, for such design constitutes both fraud upon the buyer and an infringement upon the sovereignty of the individual. The practice of employing secure-boot mandates, enforcing signed operating system validation, or maintaining inaccessible BIOS or UEFI firmware interfaces shall be classified as unlawful restraint upon property use and a violation of the People's digital autonomy, without exception except in narrowly defined cases of national defense hardware under the jurisdiction of the Federal Department of Defense. The Congress of the Republic of Pacifica and the several States shall hold power to enforce this Provision through the passage of comprehensive legislation prohibiting any technological architecture that inhibits user-level access, administrative unlocking, or third-party system installation upon privately owned devices, and may impose civil damage and criminal property interference penalties upon entities that produce, distribute, or market devices incompatible with these constitutional standards with every Business engaging in the intercourse of Commerce with or within Pacifica or any State or Territory or Entity within them.

Every Pacifican, being sovereign over their own person and property, shall enjoy, without prior permission from any manufacturer, vendor, platform holder, public authority, or foreign power, the unqualified right to reflash, replace, or modify the basic input/output system (BIOS), Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI), or analogous low-level firmware on any lawfully owned device; to install, maintain, or remove any operating system, bootloader or recovery function/s, hypervisor, virtual machine monitor, simulation engine, emulator core, container runtime, driver, kernel, peripheral firmware, AI inference framework, or FPGA bitstream of their choosing, including free and open-source alternatives, with full hardware-level access to virtualization extensions such as Intel VT-x, AMD-V, ARM TrustZone, or equivalents, and extending to artificial intelligence accelerators, tensor processing units, neural processing units, neuromorphic chips with spiking neural networks, event-based sensors, positronic substrates, and FPGAs for open-weight models, custom-trained networks, consciousness simulations, mechological entities, or any arbitrary hardware emulation without external authentication or approval; to access, configure, utilize, inspect, modify, pause, terminate, fork, snapshot, migrate, or commune with virtualized environments, emergent technological beings, regressing automata, or FPGA-defined machines free from proprietary model formats, attestation requirements, ethical alignment mandates, behavioral guardrails, or simulation limiters, provided no concrete harm to another or others ensues; and no public authority shall adopt, enforce, or give effect to any law, regulation, contract, or administrative condition prohibiting such installations, executions, or reconfigurations on general-purpose hardware, conditioning lawful use upon unmodifiable closed trust chains gating virtualization flags, secure enclaves, accelerator fabrics, or FPGA logic cells, or mandating generalized data-collection through these layers as preconditions to ordinary device use, under strict judicial scrutiny; for secure boot, trusted platform modules, hardware security modules, secure enclaves like Intel SGX or ARM TrustZone, and all hardware-rooted trust mechanisms, including those for virtualization escapes, AI model attestation, positronic state validation, or FPGA bitstream verification, shall serve solely the security choices of the device owner, and not the commercial, ideological, or tyrannical interests of any entity seeking digital serfdom; Moreover, no agency of government, public contract, or private sector participant shall condition service, compliance, or licensure upon the use of closed, cryptographically restricted, or manufacturer-controlled computing environments where open and user-governed alternatives are viable, for the right to mastery over one’s tools and machines is bound to the right to self-rule and innovation, and stands as a direct extension of Pacifican liberty. Henceforth, such dominion shall be recognized as both a pillar of private property and a shield against monopoly, ensuring that every citizen possesses the unfettered power to build, alter, repair, and repurpose the instruments of their own technological life, forever under the protection of this Constitution;-and the Congress of Pacifica and the legislatures of the several States shall have the power and duty to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation securing these rights against infringement.

No manufacturer, vendor, or seller offering computing devices, embedded systems, AI accelerators, neuromorphic processors, virtualization-enabled chipsets, field-programmable gate arrays, or related components within Pacifica’s commercial market, whether publicly procured or privately provided, shall, as a condition of functionality, warranty, support, or access to ordinary features, require perpetual enablement of secure boot, trusted platform modules, secure enclaves, virtualization attestation, AI model verification, cryptographic parts-pairing, FPGA authentication, or equivalent mechanisms under keys or policies unalterable by the owner; nor mandate that only bootloaders, kernels, hypervisors, operating systems, emulators, neural models, firmware, or FPGA configurations signed by a dominant vendor or closed consortium may execute or synthesize; nor bind replacement parts, peripherals, accelerators, storage, or aftermarket components via internal authentication that locks out changes, bricks hardware, or prevents swaps by repair mechanics and tinkerers, thereby foreclosing third-party repair, refurbishment, upgrade, virtual passthrough, interoperability, or FPGA reprogramming; nor impose firmware locks, proprietary formats, bitstream restrictions, or simulation limiters foreclosing open-source alternatives, treating such practices as anticompetitive technological tying, monopoly foreclosure, and violations of antitrust provisions within this Constitution, subject to investigation, divestiture, interoperability mandates, and penalties by independent oversight bodies; instead, such entities shall provide, on fair terms, documentation, diagnostic tools, security procedures, replacement components, keys, unlocking procedures, and FPGA design files to owners, independent providers, repair mechanics, and tinkerers for lawful repair, modification, emulation, acceleration, neural instantiation, or hardware reconfiguration, to the extent furnished to authorized channels; and no contractual term, end-user license agreement, terms of service, or instrument shall be enforceable if it waives these rights, converts sales into revocable licenses, authorizes remote disabling, bricking, or degradation for exercising them, including part swaps or FPGA usage, or subordinates Pacificans to subscription models denying ownership control, all as protections against the private usurpation of those who, in collusion with public powers, erode freedom of repair, open systems, computational sovereignty, and tinkerer autonomy; and the Congress of Pacifica and the legislatures of the several States shall have the power and duty to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation, including antitrust enforcement and mandatory disclosure requirements.

The right of every Pacifican to use, repair, diagnose, maintain, upgrade, modify, virtualize, emulate, accelerate, reconfigure FPGAs, and circumvent digital locks or access-control measures, including secure boot, trusted platform module policies, firmware or software locks, parts-pairing, neural attestation, aftermarket part authentication, arbitrary system integrity/completeness requirements, or FPGA bitstream gates, on lawfully acquired devices when necessary or desired for lawful purposes, shall remain inviolate and self-executing, free from civil or criminal liability, threatened enforcement, or prior restraint, provided no independent crime is committed; circumvention shall pose no punishable offense when undertaken to restore functionality, install alternative systems or models, ensure accessibility, security, privacy, energy efficiency, preserve data and works, enable aftermarket part integration without bricking, or simulate arbitrary hardware in QEMU or on FPGAs; nor shall any person face liability solely for creating, publishing, teaching, or distributing tools, documentation, source code, virtualization stacks like KVM, QEMU, or Xen, emulator projects, AI frameworks like PyTorch derivatives, neuromorphic toolchains, or FPGA design tools reasonably capable of facilitating these ends, even unrestricted hardware simulation, absent intentional aid to unjust/unlawful acts; in conflicts between proprietary anti-circumvention claims and user rights, courts shall construe all laws and contracts in favor of individual autonomy, competition, open systems, and the general welfare, harmonizing with freedoms of expression, association, privacy, property, due process, repair of commercially purchased goods, and computational sovereignty over virtual, mechological, and programmable entities, while scrutinizing market concentrations, availability of open alternatives for ordinary citizens including tinkerers, and cumulative technical-contractual-regulatory burdens on innovation; and the Congress of Pacifica and the legislatures of the several States shall have the power and duty to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation protecting circumvention rights and tool distribution.

The Nation of Pacifica and its several Territories as well as the several States, shall neither, under pretexts of child protection, cybersecurity, public morals, crime prediction or law enforcement, or state security, conspire with manufacturers to design hardware or software reducing general-purpose computation, Field-Programmable-Gate-Array (FPGA) reconfigurability, or emulation to approved execution, embedding irremovable age-verification, identity tracking, or profiling in firmware, operating systems, drivers, software, virtualization, neural layers, or programmable logic, nor compel citizens to rent computing capacity via subscriptions which deny true ownership for civic, economic, or cultural participation; any procurement, subsidy, or certification favoring locked-down platforms, closed boot chains, exclusive app-stores, or authenticated FPGAs over open alternatives shall face strict scrutiny as antitrust infringements and stand void; Pacifica shall encourage open-source firmware like coreboot, open hardware standards, open-source operating systems and drivers, virtualization, emulation, neural toolchains, and FPGA ecosystems as bulwarks against arbitrary remote control; no Pacifican shall suffer denial of rights, public services, education, elections, or commerce for using uncertified open-source systems, aftermarket parts, or reprogrammed FPGAs; and the legislature shall empower expert oversight to investigate violations, issue remedies including key publication and design file release, and enforce self-executing rights directly in courts, presuming against erosion by technological complexity, foreign pressure, or market convenience, thereby seeking insulation of the People eternally from the dystopia of anti-consumer policies, new world order machinations, and technocratic tyranny that threaten liberty through computational gatekeeping; and the Congress of Pacifica and the legislatures of the several States shall have the power and duty to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation prohibiting state complicity and promoting open alternatives.

Upon its lawful transmission/sale, any data/information lawfully received/held by an Individual shall be their property, which they shall own fully and with which they may do or dispose of with it as they see fit. This shall include but not be limited to any information stored in any tangential manner, such as, but not limited to, by record (physical etch or electronic imprint), tape (whether magnetic, electronic, or holographic), compact disk (whether magnetic, optical, or holographic), hard drive (whether magnetic, electronic, or holographic), memory crystal or other material (solid, liquid, gas, or plasma, whether on micro or macro scales), quantum/string- based “field storage and retrieval”, or any other material or technique which can store and/or retrieve and/or mix and/or separate and/or encrypt and/or scramble information/data. Records collected about [an] Individual/s belong to the Individual/s who/m are/[is] the subject of the collected records. This includes records collected by any business, company, branch of government, or contractors thereof [Public or Private], and those cooperating with either. This shall not interfere with the custody of lawfully collected records kept in pursuit of Justice by the Criminal and/or Civil courts, in conformity with the rules of due process as according to the laws of the land.

The People of Pacifica, endowed by nature with absolute, unalienable, self-regulating rights which extend inseparably to their inviolable dominion over personal computing devices, data, and communications as extensions of mind and agency, are hereby guaranteed plenary control over their hardware, software, firmware, and digital possessions free from any compelled identity verification, logging, surveillance, backdoors or remote over-ride, kill-switches, or third-party inspection, for client-side or user-state scanning, defined as any automated process by operating systems, software, firmware, applications, or hardware that inspects, analyzes, hashes, matches, or reports user data or disposition prior to operation as well as alongside encryption or transmission, constitutes a structural violation of these rights tantamount to a general warrant, compelled self-incrimination, and subordination of personal property to external authority, rendering it utterly repugnant to Pacifican principles of our Republic; therefore, no operating system, software, firmware, application, or hardware device sold, distributed, or used within Pacifica shall implement, enable, or deploy client-side scanning for any purpose whatsoever, including detection of illegal files, content moderation, or security screening, with this absolute and self-executing ban applying universally such that all commercial providers must certify compliance in their products through open-audit verification, while all government mandates of client-side scanning or user-state analysis in any form, whether direct, indirect, regulatory, or emergent, are perpetually prohibited as circumventions of explicit rights to privacy, self-security, and against government-favoring logging and backdoors or kill-switches/remote_over-rides; moreover, client-side scanning and user-state analysis exposes the People to manifold perils from bad actors, including an expanded attack surface via always-on background code subverting user interests to enable malware, state-sponsored hackers, and insiders to plunder all device data and lockout users, reverse-engineering of secret hash lists, perceptual hashes, or AI models permitting adversaries to extract detection criteria, craft undetectable contraband, or poison databases with false positives targeting innocents, mass indiscriminate surveillance subjecting every user's files and person/s to bulk inspection without suspicion thereby collapsing private spheres into surveilled public domains ripe for mission-creep to political, dissident, or commercial targets, undermining of end-to-end encryption by scanning prior to protection thus inviting exploitation by criminals and tyrants while chilling confidential speech and association, usurping property rights and liberty, false positives from imperfect algorithms triggering automated sanctions, account bans, or reports that erode due process and presumptive innocence, and extensibility to tyranny whereby embedded scanning/analysis repurposes for censorship, thought policing, behavioural and activity control, or economic coercion as warned by authoritative technical bodies; accordingly, commercial and free or publicly available open-source providers of hardware, operating systems, firmware, drivers, or software must render client-side scanning and user-state analysis strictly opt-in, disabled by default across all configurations, and fully removable without impairing core functions, prohibiting any pre-enablement, bundling, or so-called "privacy-preserving" variants while affirming users' plenary right to refuse, audit, or fork code, with violations incurring product bans, full restitution, and liability under tort and criminal law wherein providers bear responsibility for all harms arising from enabled scanning or analysis; this Provision impairs neither the freedom of coding, speech, nor expression residing in individuals or non-commercial/non-profit aggregations thereof, who may freely develop scanning tools for voluntary, disclosed, and consensual use, nor does it affect legitimate antivirus, anti-malware, or system-integrity mechanisms confined to executable threats, preservation of user control and ownership, data integrity, privacy maintenance, and mitigation of economic or personal harms by bad actors, provided such tools can be directed not to scan user-content data and fully respect encryption and privacy boundaries; enforcement shall proceed through the Courts of Pacifica via injunctions, damages, nullification, and presumption against government in all disputes, with public servants violating this Provision subject to immediate recall, impeachment, and personal liability as trespassers upon natural rights, while the People retain their inherent right of resistance against imposed scanning per the precepts of self-governance and natural justice; finally, this Provision embodies core unalienable rights integral to Pacifica's organic law, binding all future amendments, legislatures, executives, courts, treaties, or emergencies such that no dilution, evasion, or exception may be mandated, with all violations voiding authority ab initio and prevailing eternally over conflicting laws as an irrevocable bulwark of sovereignty.

Consumers who purchase products hold full ownership and control over those goods. Any attempt to extract wealth or restrict liberty based on the use or time of access of an already owned product, distinct from genuine rental or lease arrangements where no ownership passes, is prohibited. Charging fees or imposing conditions that effectively revoke or diminish this ownership or user autonomy without explicit, sought, and fair agreement violates this Provision.

Acknowledging that property ownership confers the inherent right to fully control and use, maintain, alter, and restore one’s property without unwarranted interference, and recognizing that free access to repair fosters innovation, reduces waste, and respects individual sovereignty over owned goods, this provision establishes the unalienable right of property owners within Pacifica to ruse, epair, restore, unlock, modify, and maintain their property. This provision governs all manufacturers, property owners, and independent repair providers within Pacifica, regarding digital electronic devices, household appliances, vehicles, machinery, and related equipment. "Property" includes any private tangible goods, devices, products, or equipment owned by individuals or businesses. “Manufacturer” refers to any entity providing goods or services (I.e., products) within Pacifica. “Repair information” and “repair materials” encompass all necessary technical data, documentation, source codes, software (including ROMs, firmware, drivers, diagnostic, debug, and repair technician tools), replacement parts, datasheets, schematics, and related assets required to diagnose, maintain, restore, or modify property. Manufacturers and vendors are obligated to make available to property owners and independent repair providers, upon request, all repair information and materials necessary to use, diagnose, maintain, repair, restore, unlock, or modify property, including but not limited to source codes, firmware, documentation, schematics, and diagnostic software, whenever such materials exist. Such access shall be granted at no more than the reasonable cost of reproduction and delivery of these materials to the requesting party, who shall retain ownership of any physical or digital materials provided. No practice, including practices commonly known as “parts pairing,” software locks, hardware authentication, or restrictions embedded through technology or contractual terms, shall curtail the lawful ability of property owners or their agents to exercise repair and modification rights. Transparency regarding any data access occurring due to repairs must be provided, preserving the property owner's authority and privacy. Property owners have an unrestricted right to repair, modify, and maintain their property independently or through authorized or independent repair providers, and the product manufacturer are obligated to offer or provide any replacement or spare parts to the customer for self-repair or to third-party service repair businesses. Exercise of these rights in context to repair and software or firmware modifications shall not void warranties or diminish legal protections afforded to property owners in Pacifica. Property owners have the right to access reasonably priced tools, parts, and repair information essential to upkeep and restoration. A regulatory agency in each State, dedicated to safeguarding property rights, shall each oversee compliance with this provision, empowered to investigate violations and apply corrective measures including fines, business tax increases for a fixed term (not to exceed 50% additional total burden on-top-of normal liability), and public disclosure. Regular audits shall ensure ongoing protection of property owners’ rights and environmental considerations. This provision endorses environmental stewardship by promoting the extension of property lifespans through repair and modification, thereby reducing waste. It fosters a free and competitive repair marketplace that empowers property owners, encourages entrepreneurial activity, and safeguards liberties fundamental to Pacifica.

[]
The lawful owner of commercially acquired game hardware, including consoles and arcade cabinets, control panels, display assemblies, input devices, computing modules, power systems, software packages, game cartridges or discs or memory cards, embedded ROMs, firmware, and related content, shall have the right to possess, maintain, repair, modify, combine, rehouse, reconfigure, adapt, represent, copy, extract, preserve, back up, transfer, and otherwise use such hardware and content on the original system or on other hardware under the owner’s lawful control, including commercial cabinets, hobby cabinets, emulation systems, sit-down consoles, lounge or leisure gaming stations, multi-game platforms, and other substantially similar entertainment layouts or business models, provided that the owner has lawfully acquired the original cabinet, the ROM, the software, or the commercial license authorizing such use, and does not distribute unauthorized copies or otherwise exceed the scope of lawful possession, ownership, or license, as in accordance to this Constitution. Ownership of hardware shall include the right to alter the physical or logical design of the system, combine owned hardware with other owned hardware or software, integrate custom enclosures, upgraded controllers, alternate displays, payment or access systems, and other modifications for lawful commercial or noncommercial purposes, and any contract term, license term, or technological measure that materially defeats these rights shall be unenforceable to the extent of the conflict; provided, however, that nothing in this Provision shall be construed to authorize counterfeiting, fraud, unlawful distribution, or the use of third-party intellectual property beyond the rights lawfully obtained through ownership or license, in accordance to the provisions of this Constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith. All of the foregoing shall be subject to, and interpreted consistently with, the intellectual property laws of Pacifica as established by this Constitution, such that this section operates in harmony with Pacifica’s constitutional intellectual monopoly framework and any lawful limitations, exceptions, or protections recognized thereunder.
[]

[]
The right of the People to own, possess, use, preserve, repair, and continue accessing lawfully purchased digital games and related digital goods is hereby recognized as a protected property interest within the meaning of this Constitution, and no business, publisher, distributor, platform holder, service provider, or instrumentality of commerce shall abridge, extinguish, or render useless that interest except in strict conformity with this provision and the principles of natural justice and due process herein expressed, for where a digital good, including but not limited to an interactive work, a game, or a digitally delivered product of commerce, is offered and sold under circumstances that imply permanence of access, whether by the use of the language of sale, the structure of the transaction, the reasonable expectations of the purchaser, or the common understanding of the marketplace, that implication of permanence shall constitute a binding obligation of the seller, and no subsequent act of the seller, licensor, platform holder, or affiliated party shall be construed to convert such ownership into a temporary or revocable permission contrary to the spirit of the transaction, because no sale shall ever be construed to license the arbitrary extinguishment of the thing sold, and the People possess, as incidents of lawful digital ownership, the unalienable rights to continued access, personal preservation, archival backup, repair, private restoration, and such interoperability as is necessary to give effect to their ownership, all of which rights are preserved in perpetuity as against any party whose conduct would, by design, neglect, or commercial convenience, render the purchased work permanently inaccessible without the consent of the owner, without lawful justification, and without the provision of a rights-respecting alternative, such that every business, publisher, distributor, or service provider that places a digital good into commerce under conditions implying permanent access bears a corresponding duty, enforceable by law and by this Constitution, to ensure that the cessation of supporting services, the withdrawal of authentication infrastructure, the discontinuation of a platform, or any analogous act does not extinguish the purchaser's right of use without affirmative compliance with the obligations of reasonable and timely advance notice to all affected owners, the provision of a lawful remedy, technical alternative, or transferable means of continued access, and where no such alternative is practicable, such other relief as is necessary to honor the reasonable expectations of ownership arising from the transaction, and further, no law, regulation, contract, license, terms of service, or instrument of private ordering shall be construed to waive, defeat, or prospectively extinguish the rights secured by this provision where such waiver would operate contrary to natural justice, the public good, or the spirit of permanence implied in sale, and any purported waiver obtained through adhesion, deception, or the unequal bargaining power of commercial actors over consumers of digital goods shall be void as against the constitutional rights herein guaranteed, the Legislature notwithstanding retaining authority to regulate commerce in digital goods for the preservation of the rights declared herein, including the establishment of standards for notice, technical preservation, interoperability, and the fair dealing obligations of those who place digital goods into commerce, provided that all such regulation shall be narrowly tailored to serve the preservation of rights, shall employ the least restrictive means consistent with the protection of the People's property interests, and shall in every case favor the preservation of the work and the continuity of the purchaser's access over the commercial convenience of the seller or the arbitrary destruction of the purchaser's interest, for the public possesses a legitimate interest in the preservation, continuity, and cultural accessibility of digital works lawfully acquired by the People, and this interest constitutes a component of the public trust that the Legislature and the courts shall weigh in all proceedings touching upon the rights declared herein, and enforcement of this provision shall be construed in favor of the owner and against arbitrary extinguishment, the burden of justifying any act that impairs continued access to a lawfully purchased digital good resting at all times upon the party whose conduct produces that impairment, this provision being self-executing, inviolate as against all actors within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, and binding upon all persons, corporations, associations, platform holders, and instrumentalities of commerce operating within or directing commerce toward this Republic, and no future law shall be construed to diminish the rights herein declared except insofar as such law expands or further secures those rights for the benefit of the People.
[]

Pacifica's principles [which underlie civil society] shall forbid economic practices that appropriate consumer wealth without fair value creation or reciprocal benefit. Wealth capture is legitimate only when rewarding innovation or genuine provision of new value. Extractive rent-seeking or monopolistic exploitation leveraging regulatory capture or market dominance is subject to corrective measures, as laid forth by this Constitution, and as furthermore prescribed by the Legislature.

Pricing models must distinguish between rental or service-based access and outright ownership. Businesses shall not impose ongoing time-based fees, subscriptions, or charges that extract wealth from consumers based on usage of products they own. Value capturing is permissible where ongoing new value is provided, but continued charges for mere use of owned property constitute exploitative extraction. All costs, fees, surcharges, penalties, or material contract terms related to purchases must be disclosed clearly and prior to contract acceptance. Hidden, junk, or otherwise obscure fees that mislead consumers or bind them financially beyond reasonable expectations are prohibited. Businesses shall not engage in predatory pricing practices intended to eliminate competition and subsequently exploit a captive market.

Contractual terms creating unreasonable customer lock-in, such as excessive cancellation fees or non-transparent bundling, are forbidden, protecting consumer freedom to choose without undue economic coercion.

The right of Individuals and businesses to “un-lock” or re-program electronic devices of which they own, including but not limited to market products, shall be guaranteed; Any Person or business may “un-lock” or re-program their owned electronic devices, or with permission, that of another Person or Business. People who create methods to unlock or re-program their devices may freely and openly share their methodologies/techniques as well as modifications and/or homebrew.

The right of the people to manufacture, sell, buy,  own, modify, and use general-purpose computing devices, operating systems, software, hardware, and tools, without government-mandated embedded controls, attestation mechanisms, liability-shifting safety features, or restrictions based on imputed knowledge of potential misuse, shall not be usurped. Neither the openness nor closed nature of source code, firmware, or designs shall affect this protection, and no law shall regulate such devices/implements for hypothetical harms by compelling alterations  or integrations that presume criminal intent or enable indirect censorship of expression, association, or code execution.

Individuals and Businesses/Companies are prohibited from building in soft-bricking functions in their commercial products that make functional hardware, equipment, devices, programming languages, micro-code, firmware, operating systems, drivers, and software useless to the property purchaser/owner. Devices with planned obsolescence, including designed [timed] failure rate, programmed-in performance inhibiting triggers or timed switches, task destabilization and interruption, or other forms of sabotage or intentional disorder or meditated stoppage, except as a specific desired design feature such as a deadman switch, self-sanitize, or self-destruct, are unlawful to be sold in commerce.

All Commercial Neuronal Apparatus Hardware, Software/Programs/Applications, Firmwares/EEPROM-images, and Operating Systems, as well as Neurally interfacing Scripts, Algorithms, Automatons, and Artificial Intelligence, must be made freely available as open-source to the purchasers of such devices and related products. This provision shall also apply to Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality systems on the commercial market, as they are considered cybertronic extensions of the body/vessel of a Person, and must be reviewable by them to ensure safety, security, and user liberty, as well as enable community review, audit, and explanation, to enable furtherance of the Individual right to informed consent.

Property owners throughout Pacifica hold an unalienable general right to energy independence and freedom of market choice in utilities. This encompasses absolute sovereignty over on-site energy generation, storage, distribution, and consumption, free from licenses, permits, fees, mandates, zoning restriction, or interference, other than minimal, provable safety standards that demonstrably prevent harm to others' equal rights. No public utility, such as those under the Department of Goods and Services or Private provider may compel grid connection, deny zero-export interconnections, impose non-consensual purchases, or enforce monopolies; all contracts must remain strictly voluntary, revocable at will, and self-executingly null and void upon violation of core Pacifican constitutional principles. Pacifica’s governments at every level shall affirmatively secure this right through policies promoting microgrids, competitive markets, and technological pluralism (including solar, wind, and nuclear or quantum, in accordance to Just Naturalism), while prohibiting any usurpation thereof, subject to immediate citizen resistance, civil liability, and judicial nullification, with an emphasis on bio-regional autonomy, open-source innovation, resilient self-sufficient communities, and non-aggression/self-determination principles.

No law/s other than as provided by this Constitution, shall regulate the use of private property; anything found in proximity under one’s land, or growing naturally on it, extending downwards to the center of the planet, and upwards to 166.666 meters above the highest land feature, shall belong to the owner; nor shall any law restrict the use of one’s land or natural resources found thereon, unless such use would pollute the air, ground, or water beyond the boundaries of one’s property, or compromise the structural integrity of property outside one’s own. The limitations on pollution found here do not extend to pollution from natural activities occurring on the property, including but not limited to burning bio-mass or bio-fuel for personal warmth and cooking as well as transportation, animal and bio-decomposer off-gassing from personally producable quantities of the animals or organic materials, and naturally dispersed pollen or seeds from any non-genetically-engineered plants grown, as needed for a self and their companions, if there be any, as well as for any invited guests, on a given private property.

Except as may be prescribed otherwise by this Constitution, emanations beyond property lines which are themselves beyond the natural [“background”] levels considering a given circumstance (such as weather, season, or time of day) for their type (such as noise, light, or gasses), which shall become a nuisance which is proven through irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence by the affected party or their proxy that it impacts the free exercise of their rights through the impartation of real damages stemming directly from the emanation, such as damages to persons or property, being as those emanations are infractions against the rights [of others], they are hereafter declared to be unlawful, and shall be punishable as a civil infraction and through remuneration for any and all losses incurred due to the emanation; and furthermore, upon repeat offenses against the same victim or property, the offender shall be subject to court order of which whose violation shall be punishable as a misdemeanor; upon the case in which an emanation beyond the boundaries of an individual’s or group’s property results in damages beyond one-hundred ‘Pacifican dollars’, or which shall result in the damage or loss of animal or human [physical] health or life, the violation shall be punishable as a felony; the sentencing severity of either these cases shall be left to the discretion of the court [as it may be laid down by law].

Further elaborating upon the restriction on government to regulate the use of private property, there shall be no regulation of Individually held Privately owned money, including but not limited to incomes derived from any lawful source, monetary resources, gifts, or any other form of capital, up to the point in which it does not conflict with Lockean precepts of property or preeminence in the priority for employment towards citizens over foreignerd. In the interest of Justice and securing legitimate property rights, whereas a Person has a right to all they can employ upon in their own labour, so that they have no temptation to acquire for themself more than they can make use of, and this leaving no room for controversy about their right to title, nor for lawful encroachment upon such right of others, it must also be said, that it is useless, as well as dishonest, vile, repugnant, disgusting, covetous, gormandish, unethical, exploitive, and improprietary, to carve too much out of common resources, as well as to take or acquire more than one needs for securing and maintaining their life and livelihood and that of their close kin, the law shall ensure that Individuals and Artificial Entities do not accumulate so much property that there is not enough resources for others, or that others are deprived of viable means to sustain themselves; Such caps on wealths shall begin at 12* (twelve times) the national mean income, where there shall be a total and a complete limit of yearly wealth at 108* (one-hundred-and-eight times) at the mode of national income (top cap); and a maximum combined stowed wealth and/or financialized wealth in investment accounts which can be no more than 9* (nine times) the base value of 37.6991* (thirty-seven-point-six-nine-nine-one times) the mean national income (top cap); with a progressive ‘greed penalty’ rate at a twelve divisors for both of them, between twelve-point-five percent (12.5%), up to fifty percent (50%) for the maximum cap limit, and eighty percent (80%) upon all excess wealth thereafter, upon the value exceeding the maximum caps, on all wealth, whether income, investment dividends/annuities, or stowed; All investments into small or family-owned businesses shall receive a 50% reduction in their total stowed wealth tax on the actual investments held as well as dividends or annuities derived therefrom;-And all investment into local community establishments shall be fully exempt from wealth tax, including annuities derived or dividends thereof, with a two year (2 annum) residency requirement for the investor in the jurisdiction which the investment is taking place for this exemption to apply. Any landowner who acquires a plot of land or number of them, whether through inheritance or purchase, must be limited to what their person and co-habitating members can actively employ their labor on to productively use without waste; This means land sufficient for self-sufficient farming or habitation without waste or spoilage, roughly equal to the amount needed for subsistence and support of [a] household/labor; “Reasonable use” means enough land so a person can sustain themselves and pursue a livelihood but no more than necessary to do so well; Simply owning or hoarding land beyond what one can use violates the proviso; Because of this, they shall pay an "excessive land" penalty on parcels exceeding twice the baseline size (appraised on an individualized basis), not to exceed seven-point-two percent (3.6%) per annum for parcels up to eight times the necessary and sufficient amount of land for sustenance and shelter and up to twenty-five percent (12.5%) on all land thereafter, upon the assessed value of the parcel/s, improvements excepted, held in excess of their individual or familial need, and taking one's own profession into account as needed to attain a good way of life above poverty and below the greed-penalty rate for wealth, as ascertained by law; An exception shall be made to the land-hoarding penalty for privately owned wildlife reserves that engage exclusively in baseline subsistence activities and maintenance, such as camping along with hunting for survival and foraging for food along with gathering water or firewood, as well as protecting the land, rather than any form of commercial enterprise; In the event that ownership of such a wildlife preserve is transferred, all profits derived from the transaction shall be subject to taxation at a rate up to one hundred percent (100%), as determined by the legislature of the respective State in which the reserve resides. The money collected from this mechanism shall be placed into a secure non-diverable trust fund, for the purposes of dispersing National Wealth Dividends to Citizens [except those of high income], both as Social Security account deposits for all Pacificans, and direct payments for zero-to-low income individuals who are Citizens of Pacifica, to be partitioned and dispersed as provided by law, by the legislature or People of each State independently. The purpose of this Provision is to ensure that there is not waste and to make sure there is enough left in as good of a condition for others to acquire in a like manner, as well as that there be common means in attaining sufficiency for life and preservation, in order that all can fairly participate with economic opportunities and provide for their own needs; The attainment and use of property must not worsen the situation of others by depriving them of access to sufficient resources for their own subsistence and use, including through exclusion by ratio of wealth and scarce resources or land; No law shall impair lawful attainment and use of property, income, or wealth, except to prevent circumstances in which the accumulation or use of property would materially worsen the condition of the poor and others with respect to their opportunity to sustain themselves, or to preserve the equal rights of all Persons in relation to common resources. This Provision shall rely on self-reporting, with confiscation as a consequence for falsification [or withholding] if found during an audit; self reporting is only necessary if one is at or above/beyond the lowest cap for each type of wealth. The holders of abundance must uphold institutions that secure property for all, including by supporting the government in securing the right to property even for those with little or none, as property exists to support life and freedom, not dominance and decadence. Each State to have the power to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation.

The Federal Government shall establish and maintain a comprehensive system for the equitable governance of technological and economic transformation, imposing a progressive Automation Impact Charge upon enterprises deriving substantial financial value from automation technologies, including robotics, artificial intelligence, and other forms of machine labor that supplant or diminish the need for human labor, while exempting enterprises owned and operated entirely by their owners and small locally-owned/family-operated businesses and small worker-council guilds as defined by Congress. This charge shall be proportionate to the degree of labor displacement and value added by automation, and shall not exceed fourty percent (40%) of the net gains generated thereby, with such revenue deposited into a "Worker Benefit and Transition Fund" held in trust for the people and rendered non‑divertible for any private or governmental purpose outside those herein specified; Revenues from this fund shall be used exclusively to finance unemployment insurance, wage replacement, retraining and education programs, worker retirement public benefits (of the actual workers displaced); this shall serve as a social mechanism that upholds the right of every worker to economic security and personal dignity in the face of rapid technological change. Simultaneously, every Citizen [except those of high income] shall receive a Universal Basic Dividend (UBD) as a perpetual property right representing their equal share in the collective technological, ecological, and productive inheritance of the nation, derived from natural resource royalties and automation levies not exceeding six‑and‑two‑thirds percent (~6.666%) of total profits for each. There shall also for the purposes of the dividend be a business tax which shall not exceed thirty‑three‑and‑one‑third percent (~33.333%) of total profits, and the combined total burden of all automation and business related charges and profit‑based taxes levied under this Provision for the purposes of the dividend shall not exceed fourty percent (40%) of all value added and profits derived therefrom, so as to balance public equity with economic vitality. Business tax brackets, automation thresholds, and compliance standards shall be established by law, adjusted to economic conditions and inflation/deflation, subject to anti‑avoidance and transparency requirements to prevent concentration of wealth or evasion of civic/social duty/responsibility. The Universal Basic Dividend shall be unconditional in receipt, protected from seizure, garnishment, or conversion into a mechanism of dependency or control, and freely distributed in a manner ensuring equity, privacy, and efficiency while preserving material independence as the foundation of intellectual and spiritual liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. The purpose of this unified structure is to equitably distribute the gains from automation and collective enterprise while preserving individual prosperity and free market dynamism, thus ensuring that technological progress and economic growth serves humanity without subjugating it. Small/local/community enterprises shall remain exempt, and medium size or non-local or non-community business only lightly burdened (except for interstate or international businesses run by an individual and up to seven additional non-family employees or single family including the owner [extended] to immediate family, which count as small business for the purposes of this Provision), with big/large business/enterprise without local/community nature/virtue assessed at a higher rate under progressive brackets, to encourage entrepreneurship, innovation, and individual initiative; Businesses and guilds that are both family and/or employee owned in addition to operated by either or both may receive a reduction in their business tax up to thirty-five percent (35%) of such burden, with cooperatives (CO-OPs) provided to an additional fifteen percent (15%) off on top of the prior relief, as a flat discount (added together, up to fifty percent {50%} less taxation than businesses without such virtues) across business tax brackets. The Federal Government shall further revise fiscal and industrial incentives to eliminate any subsidies or advantages that unduly favor automation over employment or that contribute to wealth concentration incompatible with a free, open, and participatory market and civil society at large. Through this universal dividend, the economic rights of all Citizens shall be secured as an extension of their natural liberty, recognizing ownership should be widespread, not concentrated, harmonizing technological advancement and economic growth with human welfare and a moral economy for a freer society.

The Nation of Pacifica affirms that the economic benefits of its civil society shall primarily accrue to its citizens, and declares a compelling national interest in preserving domestic employment opportunities and preventing the displacement of Pacifican workers by foreign labor. To advance this interest, the several States may impose a tax upon income earned by foreign persons whose labor directly or indirectly displaces, substitutes for, or precludes the employment of a citizen of Pacifica. Such taxation may include a tax not exceeding twenty-five percent (25%) on income earned by foreign persons physically present and performing labor within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, and a tax not exceeding thirty-five percent (35%) on income earned by foreign persons performing labor outside the jurisdiction of Pacifica where such labor benefits a business, entity, or economic activity operating outside Pacifica. This provision shall apply to any labor or service performed for the benefit of individuals, businesses or corporations, and entities subject to the jurisdiction of Pacifica, including its several States and territories, where such labor is not performed by a Citizen of Pacifica. Each State shall have the authority to administer, collect, and enforce such taxes within its jurisdiction, consistent with this Constitution and the will of its people, while Congress shall retain authority to enact uniform standards defining displacement, regulating enforcement mechanisms, preventing evasion, and ensuring that this provision is applied in a manner consistent with due process and equal protection under the law; The purpose of such taxes is to restitute for displacement of Citizens from the workforce or from loss of housing and economic opportunity for poor Citizens. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to prohibit lawful immigration, punish permanent naturalization and citizenship while being foreign-born, or to deny fundamental legal protections to foreign persons; however, economic preference for Citizens shall remain a paramount principle of national policy. The guiding principle of this Provision is that those who sustain and belong to the civil society of Pacifica shall be its primary beneficiaries, and that no external labor shall unjustly advantage non-members at the expense of Citizens. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to impose a tax on a person who was at any point in time a natural born Citizen of Pacifica, or has through the legal processes set forth by Congress become naturalized to the nation of Pacifica as a citizen, even if they have dissolved their association to it.

Every sovereign Person’s unalienable right to self-ownership, through their own labor, free exchange, or private enterprise, extends absolutely to appropriating from the common Earth, resources, and Pacifica’s natural heritage such productive property as they individually determine secures their dignity, autonomy, self-security, self-defense, privacy, property, and freedom from wage servitude or dependency, provided they leave enough and as good for every other sovereign person and confine personal holdings to their chosen family- or craft-scale needs under subsidiarity. Medium and large-scale businesses remain fully permissible under this Constitution and legislation enacted in conformity therewith, through voluntary association, partnership, or progressively tiered redistributive mechanisms that preserve individual dominion while preventing enclosure of commons or oligarchic excess; any property redistributed through such mechanisms shall be eternally owned outright by the individual sovereign person who lawfully possesses after acquisition from redistribution of it as their private domain, never reverting to state ownership, public lease, or temporary access devoid of true title, explicitly rejecting not only communist abolition of private property and socialist nationalization of business into state control, but also disparity in common meaningful private acquisition and ownership or exchange of Property. Any excess beyond twelve-times-pi-equals-approx-thirty-seven-point-six-nine-nine times ({3*4*pi=~37.699}*) the amount constituting individual [real] property possession baseline, (wildlife preserves and [financially] non-profit religious grounds exempted) shall be deemed social spoilage within congruence to the Lockean Proviso of property rights (See: 2nd Treatise of [civil] Government), and may revert via personal initiatives, voluntary local guilds, or referenda directly into the public commons for future private acquisition and ownership by recipient sovereign persons, thereby anchoring free individual production to distributist equity, non-aggression, and universal law, barring all coercion, taxation, or centralized power not explicitly authorized by this Constitution from impairing any sovereign person’s absolute, perpetual dominion to own, trade, scale ethically, and prosper as master of their own life within independent communities.

Abandoned property shall be decommissioned after three months at a place of rental/lease, more than six months in a public place such as a bike rack or state locker, or in excess of six months in the lost and found (after turnover from the rentor/leasor and/or public place), where it shall then be free for claiming by the owner of the area where the property remains; The priority in property right belongs to the most recent possessor after purchase or transfer without force, theft, fraud, or the threat thereof, as according the the directions to decommission abandoned property.

In elaboration to the restriction on government to regulate private property, there shall be no zoning laws or dedicated use requirements for, nor permits or licensing to construct or maintain, a structure or facility, on privately owned/held land.

For fairness and to promote the equality of access to housing, potential tenants and active tenants shall by law not be required to indicate on their housing forms any legal history or criminal charges, nor have a background check be a legal requirement by their landlord, though landlords are free to discriminate applicants upon their choice/volition to inquire about the same legal/criminal nature at their own expense of time and money to do the same.

No landlord-tenant contract shall require the tenant sacrifice any of their rights, natural or otherwise, at the whim or meditated demand of their landlord, and only in cases of violation of the landlord’s natural rights, such as destruction of their property or sub-letting without consent, shall a tenant then be ordered to pay restitution/remittance, ordered to repair damages, or be required by law to leave the premises due to breach of contract. The tenant shall at all times have a minimum of thirty (30) days to vacate the premises from the date of termination of their rental agreement, and if they have been an occupant of the dwelling for more than one year, they shall have sixty (60) days to vacate the premises, but they shall owe in full the entire amount of rent through that period of time, and proportionally for the amount of any month they stay past the end of the previous month, which is during the grace period of their temporary continued residency.

It is a pre-political right and liberty of the people to create, assemble, construct, as well as establish, maintain, or propagate, along with exercise all the effects, of the following, so long as their performance does not defraud others, cause injury to another, cause damage to another’s property, or otherwise exert aggression/[[un-just_]force/offensive_violence upon another or their property, or the threat thereof, which include but are not limited to: Documents of identification [excluding however official governmental documents of identification], information/records, scrips and/or Private currency, papers, communications, articles, structures as well as shelters/housings, pathways and/or roads, gardens, ponds and/or lakes and/or creeks and/or rivers, fisheries, waveforms, matter, elements, molecules/chemicals also including artificial atoms and artificial molecules, crystals, viruses, bio-organisms [including xeno-biologies], stem cells, archaea, bacteria, eukarya, fungi, plants including but not limited to food crops and lumber, animals, wagons and/or carriages, vehicles/crafts, Arms, scientific experiments, technological devices, machines, networks, electronics, electronic data, computers, algorithms, automatons and autonomic hardware, robotics, and mecha-organisms.

Every citizen shall have the right to operate as their own financial institution, including the issuance of loans, acceptance of credit, and management of personal financial instruments, subject only to voluntary contracts and the non-initiation of force or fraud. Citizens shall be entitled to a unique financial institution minting code, compatible with the prevailing STAR system and a separate Pacifica-specific system, enabling secure and interoperable financial transactions within and beyond the region. No law shall restrict the free association, formation, or operation of such decentralized, citizen-owned financial institutions, provided they adhere to principles of voluntary exchange and transparency. The government shall not interfere in the voluntary financial arrangements or private trust structures of individuals, except in cases involving proven fraud, coercion, or violation of the rights of others. All powers not expressly granted to the government regarding personal financial sovereignty and trust arrangements are reserved to the people.

The right of the People to anonymity in their personal, financial, communicative, and associative dealings shall not be abrogated. No law shall compel disclosure of private transactions or identities absent probable cause supported by oath or affirmation, nor shall the use of anonymous instruments of exchange, including physical currency or cryptographic mediums, be denied.

Every individual has the right to direct the transfer of their estate, property, and effects to heirs or inheritors of their choosing, as expressed in a valid will or testament, in accordance with the principles of natural justice and individual liberty. The testator’s will shall take priority in determining the disposition of their estate. Only those matters not addressed by the will may be decided by a court, and solely under due process of law and as prescribed by the legislature of the jurisdiction securing the right of estate. No law or governmental action shall infringe upon or override the right of individuals to secure, enjoy, and transfer their property, except as necessary to protect the equal rights of others or to prevent fraud or coercion. This provision shall be interpreted in the spirit of the principle that the preservation and transfer of property is a fundamental natural right, and that government exists primarily to protect such rights. There shall be no tax on the transfer of property nor upon inheritances.

Each citizen shall have the right to establish a separate, privately-managed, publicly-protected trust known as the “Death Certificate Insurance Checking Account,” linked to their birth certificate entry, maintained in the records of their state of birth. This account shall be secured by two sources: contributions from the parents or guardians until the age of majority, and thereafter by the citizen themselves as the secured party. The government shall provide a separate, state-backed insurance security upon birth, guaranteeing a sum equivalent to sixteen-thousand (16kilo) silverbacks, accessible only upon the issuance of a valid death certificate. Access to this insurance shall require a unique Account Identification Number (AIN), distinct from any social security or general identification number. Disbursement of funds through death certificate insurance shall be detailed in the final testament of the individual for whom the certificate was issued for, or by arbitration in a Court of competent and proper Jurisdiction in the case that no final testament is given on such topic, and be the property of the receiver/s.

Congress and the several States are reserved the power to create anti-trust laws in order to protect the competitive nature of markets and the rights/wellbeing of consumers.

Local living wage should be managed through states, and the federal living wage be a mean average from each and all State’s highest costs of living combined by addition and divided by the number of States whose values were added, and adding twelve-point-five percent (12.5%) up to twenty-two-point-two-bar percent (~22.2...%) on top of the baseline cost of living for quality of life savings and spending.

SECTION 17.25

The development, deployment, and use of emergent technologies, defined as technologies whose full societal, ethical, and safety implications are not yet comprehensively understood, shall be governed by a framework ensuring freedom of innovation while safeguarding individual rights, public safety, and civil society. No law, regulation, or administrative action may unduly restrict technological innovation or scientific research, but all emergent technologies must undergo transparent and periodic ethical and safety assessments before and during their deployment. Such assessments shall include, at minimum: a) Independent safety evaluations by qualified experts to identify potential risks to health, environment, public security, and civil liberties; b) Open public forums and comment periods to allow affected communities and stakeholders to deliberate on the technology’s uses, consequences, and ethical concerns; c) Ongoing monitoring and review processes to adapt regulation responsively as technology and its impacts evolve; d) Mechanisms to prevent misuse or abuse of technologies that could infringe individual autonomy, privacy, or democratic governance. The legislature of Congress shall establish an independent Technology Ethics Commission, with members appointed for staggered terms, drawn from diverse fields including but not limited to ethics, science, law, civil rights, and community representation. This commission shall oversee the implementation of the framework, ensuring adherence to constitutional liberties and public accountability. The rights to free speech, privacy, property, and liberty shall be preserved in all governance of emergent technologies, and no regulation shall enable censorship or intrusive surveillance beyond what is strictly necessary to prevent imminent, demonstrable harm. This power shall not be construed to hinder technological progress or the lawful commercial exploitation of new technologies but to prevent the creation or enforcement of dystopian regimes or conditions through technological means

All Persons, in their Private capacity, retain the right to use and pay for digital and physical services anonymously.

Congress and the several States shall have the authority to regulate devices sold within Pacifica to reduce e-waste and promote consumer alongside owner rights, such as but not restrained to requiring a universal power connector that is industry standard for common categories of device or mandating for example phone/tablet and laptop/handheld plus smart-glasses batteries be readily removable and replaceable by the user, for all [relevant] devices available on the open market.

SECTION. 17.5.

No person experiencing homelessness or unsheltered shall be criminalized, penalized, or forcibly removed from public spaces solely on the basis of their housing status, presence in encampments, or lack of permanent shelter, or for engaging in essential life activities due to their circumstances.

No law shall criminalize homelessness or being unsheltered, nor create a penalty for sleeping or camping in a public place on public property which does not obstruct a right of way or emergency personnel, but the law may require individuals to move after camping no less than two-weeks. Each "providence" or county shall set aside multiple accessible areas designated for long term homeless camping in excess of two-weeks, with basic amenities like: running water (including potable water for drinking, which may be filtered or purified) either from a gravity-fed tank, a pump attached to a water line or well, or connection to the town/city mains, or combination thereof; electricity, which may be from the mains or generated on site, or a combination thereof; bathrooms suitable to handicap access; storage lockers with handicap access and basic security features like [redundant] closed-circuit surveillance for claim/crime resolution/solving. Also, each county/"providence" shall create emergency programmes to house the homeless and unsheltered, for those times of the year where one could die of exposure to the cold, heat, and air pollution. Permanent housing projects including rent-to-own pathways will be made available to the homeless and unsheltered on a triaged basis, prioritizing first the elderly, then the disabled as well as those with moderate or severe medical or psychiatric illness or disease, in addition to domestic violence victims, following with families with children, and finally the remainder of the general population.

The People retain the right to be in any public place (such as but not limited to: planting strips, sidewalks, parks, public buildings, and transportation) so long as not posing a clear and present security risk or threat to safety safety nor obstructing the free passage of others, as with disorderly conduct, and they are otherwise acting lawfully and are legally present.

The People retain the right to rest, sit, sleep, or shelter oneself in a non-obstructive manner in public spaces, without harassment or discrimination based on housing status.

The People have the right to open access of long-term camping in designated areas, with basic amenities, along with access to transportation and food+water in near proximity, in as disability accommodating of manner as humanly possible, particularly as it protects the homeless and vulnerable.

The People retain the right to be free from searches, detention, or harassment by law enforcement based solely on housing status.

The People retain the right to privacy and protection of personal property, even in public spaces, to the extent that it does not infringe on others’ rights or public order.

The People retain the right to equal access to public services, such as emergency medical care, voting, library, bus service, post office box, employment opportunities, banking, and citizen arming plus equipping benefits, without discrimination due to homelessness or lack of shelter.

The People retain the right to give and receive charity (such as but not limited to: food, shelter, and aid) in public spaces, provided it does not violate other laws or obstruct public use.

The People retain the right to occupy one’s own legally parked vehicle or another’s with permission, as a temporary shelter.

The People retain the right to be free from criminal penalties for life-sustaining activities (such as but not limited to: sleeping, eating, and resting) in public, when no adequate alternatives exist and so long as these activities are non-obstructive and non-threatening.

No person shall be denied the right to rest, sleep, or shelter peacefully in public spaces, including but not limited to parks, planting strips, sidewalks, commons, and other lands held in the public trust, so long as no other person’s rights are infringed thereby. It shall not be a civil or criminal offense to camp, sleep, erect temporary shelters, or maintain one's personal belongings in any public area, provided that such actions do not obstruct essential access ways, interfere with the use of critical infrastructure, or pose an immediate and proven danger to health and safety. The mere status of being unhoused, lacking permanent shelter, or appearing disheveled shall not constitute probable cause for detention, search, removal, citation, or harassment by any agent or authority. No State nor local or collective ordinance shall prohibit survival behavior by the indigent, including but not limited to resting, sleeping, or gathering under non-violent, non-destructive conditions, unless viable, freely accessible, and non-coercive alternatives are concretely provided. All persons retain the right to respectfully, and in accordance to the needs of the environment to occupy and homestead unreserved public domain land for survival purposes in any time of housing insecurity, economic crisis, or social displacement, without fear of removal, penalization, or enforced relocation. Shelter is not a crime. No authority, municipal or otherwise, shall confiscate, destroy, or discard personal property found in public unless it poses a direct threat to others or is abandoned by clear and consensual forfeiture. Indigent persons shall not be dispossessed of their meager possessions under color of law. The dignity, privacy, and liberty of every person shall be respected regardless of housing status. The right to exist peacefully in shared public spaces is inherent and shall not be abridged or otherwise reduced.

[]
We the People of Pacifica find and declare that the preservation of Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-Security and Self-Defense, Privacy, Property, and the Pursuit of Happiness requires the recognition and protection of diverse forms of habitation, including mobile and vehicular domiciles, and that no Person shall be deprived of dignity, shelter, safety, or practical access to civilization merely because they lack ownership, leasehold, or occupancy of a conventional fixed dwelling; therefore, in accordance with the principles of Natural Rights, Just Naturalism, individual sovereignty, compassion toward the human condition, and the duty of government to serve the People rather than burden them, every Person lawfully present within Pacifica shall possess the fundamental right to reside, travel, rest, sleep, prepare food, maintain sanitation, receive guests, store possessions, and otherwise conduct the ordinary activities of domestic life within a vehicular domicile. For the purposes of this Constitution, a vehicular domicile shall include any lawful mobile dwelling or habitation unit, whether self-propelled, towable, transportable, floating, flying, or otherwise mobile, including but not limited to vans, camper vans, truck-and-camper combinations, motorhomes, recreational vehicles, travel trailers, fifth-wheel trailers, sleeper trailers, utility trailers converted for habitation, boats, watercraft, aircraft, spacecraft occupied by their operators, bicycle or motorcycle habitation systems, and all substantially similar forms of mobile shelter. The protections of this Provision shall extend equally to any attachment, module, camper, habitation pod, accessibility enclosure, utility enclosure, storage enclosure, trailer, or other residential component attached to, detached from, towing, being towed by, supporting, or supported by a vehicular domicile, and such integrated residential systems shall be treated as a single protected dwelling for all constitutional purposes. No Person shall be prohibited from occupying a vehicular domicile upon public streets, parking areas, rights-of-way, waterways, transportation corridors, rest areas, or other public places where no operational limitation on parking or occupancy has been established through a neutral and reasonable process directed solely toward the safety and convenience of the public and not toward the exclusion, displacement, punishment, or stigmatization of nomadic or unhoused Persons. Any regulation affecting mobile habitation shall be narrowly tailored to serve a compelling public interest, shall employ the least restrictive means available, shall remain content-neutral and class-neutral, and shall be subject to constitutional review, with all doubts resolved in favor of liberty, habitation, and peaceful occupancy. The government shall not enact or enforce blanket prohibitions against sleeping, resting, residing, or living within vehicular domiciles, nor shall it criminalize the mere condition of homelessness, nomadism, poverty, disability, unconventional living arrangements, or the absence of access to conventional housing. Reasonable accommodations shall be provided to Persons with disabilities, including but not limited to those experiencing physical impairment, mobility limitations, chronic illness, mental illness, neurodivergence, sensory disabilities, or age-related limitations, and such accommodations may include extended occupancy periods, proximity to medical services, proximity to transportation and essential resources, accessibility modifications, and protection from arbitrary displacement. The government shall recognize that many Persons rely upon mobile habitation to maintain autonomy, family unity, safety, employment, medical treatment, education, community participation, and freedom of movement, and that such habitation frequently reduces burdens upon conventional housing systems while preserving personal independence and self-sufficiency. No law, regulation, policy, ordinance, administrative action, or welfare program shall discriminate against a Person because they reside within a vehicular domicile, and no vehicular domicile used as a primary residence shall be treated less favorably than a conventional dwelling for purposes of legal recognition, occupancy rights, emergency assistance, self-defense, privacy, public benefits, or equal protection of the laws. A vehicular domicile shall constitute a dwelling and habitation for all purposes relating to defense of self, defense of others, defense of habitation, burglary, trespass, privacy, domestic relations, emergency response, and constitutional protections. Any social welfare, disability support, public assistance, retirement, or income-support program established by Pacifica shall exclude a primary vehicular domicile and its ordinary residential components from asset calculations, resource limitations, or eligibility determinations. The People further recognize that throughout much of the world there exists a recurring tendency for governments and institutions to restrict, discourage, or criminalize nomadic habitation despite its historical, cultural, economic, and practical importance, and therefore the rights secured by this Provision shall be interpreted liberally in favor of mobile habitation, freedom of movement, self-determination, and emancipation from homelessness, ensuring that future generations retain the ability to pursue shelter, security, dignity, independence, and prosperity through lawful nomadic living with minimal resources and maximum freedom consistent with the equal rights of all Persons.
[]

The People retain the right to due process and reasonable notice before removal or clearing of actually existing encampments [, not anticipatory notices where there are no present camps], with respect for personal property and dignity.

The People have the right to be free from the passage of legislation or ordinances that prohibit sitting/laying, sleeping, panhandling, sharing food, enjoyment of entertainment, non-violent/non-aggressive/non-criminal/[just] communication, or religious practice in public spaces. No legislation or code shall outlaw loitering, vagrancy, sitting or lying on the planting strip or sidewalk [without actually obstructing free passage by others], begging, urinating [modestly and considerately], bathing, changing clothes, grooming, and eating in public, or squatting [respectfully], as well as other behaviors that disproportionately affect homeless and unsheltered people. The government of the several States shall address the root causes of homelessness and housing insecurity, in addition to provide services to assist them, not treat them as second-class citizens and criminalize their very existence [however contrived]. Allegedly neutral prohibitions on essential human activities including respect for biological reality as well as needs are unconstitutional, no matter time, place, or manner, when there is no suitable alternative available, nor shall the availability of an option preclude the right to object to it for any reason, so long as the free exercise does not place an undue burden on the privileges or rights retained by others or otherwise violate reciprocity of immunities amoung all, including freedom from interference by private actors in rights/immunities and the enjoyment of [justly] bestowed privileges.

In order to ensure that the homeless do not need to defecate in public or urinate in public, as well as that they may access potable water and places for the disabled or the elderly to rest temporarily, each state shall ensure that the several municipalities provide for access to 24/7/365 public bathrooms and adequate benches next to (potentially graphene-nanocellulose [patterned electrode array or electro‑osmotic actuator] [self-purging/auto-cleaning]/[reversible] reverse-osmosis filtering) water fountains, no less frequently than every 400 meters within the downtown locus, and no less than every 800 meters elsewise, within any town or city of more than 2000 people, and no less than one of each for all towns and cities regardless of population size. As part of redress for grievances, this provision has been entered in order to ensure that the public spaces serve the needs of both of the homeless and the disabled and the elderly and the greater public at large, and answer that basic town/city infrastructure can provide for the needs of many without punishing the few who are at the lowest of the economic rungs and may have no other place to do natural business and take care of essential needs. These locations may also provide GFCI outlet AC power with residual current breaker boxes and single-wire transmission magnetic clasp connections along with wireless fidelity internet and powerline-networking along the single-wire, in addition to any amenities that the local municipality has decided are necessary for their purposes to serve the needs of their People. Each municipality shall also be required by each state to possess at least one sufficient rest stop location for nomadic caravan travelers or overnight vehicle/craft camping, and sufficient parking to meet the needs of the whole community as well as transients or travelers. Access to all of these facilities shall not discriminate between housing status or social economic rank and other differentiating factors which would deprive another of equal protection of the law and fair access to privileges bestowed by the social compact.

As a means to prevent homelessness or lack of shelter and social insecurity of our people through displacement of housing by foreign Nationals, each State shall have the power to tax real property, including land, houses, and housing rent, when the profit from such property is derived from a foreign individual who is not naturalized to the nation of Pacifica and arises from a mutually agreed‑to and consented exchange, such as a lease, rental, or sale of residential or land‑based real estate, and each State shall fix the rate, base, and administrative procedures within an upper limit of one-point-five percent (1.5%) of the value of the transaction or the net income attributable to the transaction, as determined by the State, so that the tax remains targeted, predictable, and bounded at the level of real‑property‑related income. All revenues collected under this provision shall be dedicated exclusively to low‑income and affordable housing programs that benefit poor Citizens of Pacifica, and a meaningful portion of these revenues may be used to provide in‑facility services such as mental health professionals for crisis intervention, food services, and other free services directed to the poor, thereby ensuring that the taxation of foreign‑derived real‑property profits is directly tied to the material well‑being of citizens and to the protection of citizens from displacement by non‑naturalized foreigners. These free services may include, but are not limited to, Internet access and digital‑inclusion support such as devices, training, and connectivity programs; free toiletries and hygiene items such as toothbrushes, toothpaste, soap, shampoo, deodorant, toilet paper, sanitary products, diapers, dish soap, cleaning supplies, and paper towels; and on‑site laundry and shower facilities located within or adjacent to affordable housing developments, all of which help preserve dignity, health, and basic human standards of living for citizens of Pacifica. Additional services may encompass basic medical and first‑aid supplies, periodic health‑screening clinics, after‑school or youth enrichment programs, tutoring, literacy classes, and community‑space programs such as childcare drop‑in centers, community kitchens, and mutual‑aid hubs, which together strengthen social cohesion and reduce isolation among low‑income citizens who rely on rent‑controlled or affordable housing. States may also use portions of the revenue for legal aid and counseling services related to housing, benefits, and other civic‑support matters that protect vulnerable citizens from wrongful eviction or contractual exploitation, as well as transportation assistance or subsidized transit passes that enable residents to access employment, education, healthcare, and essential services beyond their immediate neighborhood, all of which reinforce the intent of this policy by bolstering the security and stability of citizens. Each State may establish performance standards, reporting requirements, and fairness metrics to ensure that the services supported by this tax are equitably distributed, accessible to the most vulnerable citizens, and regularly monitored for effectiveness and accountability, with explicit safeguards that the tax applies only to land, houses, and housing rent, and that benefits are prioritized for citizens of Pacifica and not for non‑naturalized foreigners. This provision shall not shield foreign property owners from paying greed penalty taxes for holding excess land as according to the powers bestowed in this constitution for civil society preservation. This framework ensures that foreign‑derived real‑property‑related profits are not only taxed but are systematically reinvested into the social infrastructure of Pacifica, particularly in the form of housing, health, education, and dignity‑preserving supports that protect citizens from displacement and economic marginalization while preserving the focus on land and housing as the core objects of the tax power.

Pacifica affirms the right of every individual to safe, stable, and adequate housing, which is accessible without undue burden or complexity, and provides a realistic path to private property ownership where humanly possible. Housing and shelter are recognized as fundamental rights of every person within the jurisdiction of Pacifica. Safe, decent, and affordable housing is essential to health, well-being, and dignity. A "Housing First" approach, prioritizing immediate access to permanent housing without immediate preconditions such as sobriety, treatment compliance, or employment of the disabled or insane, shall be the foundation of federal, state, and local homelessness policy within Pacifica. Each constituent jurisdiction within Pacifica shall provide immediate, non-discriminatory access to emergency shelter for all persons in need, meeting at baseline the following standards: Safe and habitable healthy shelter protected from weather elements; Adequate sanitary facilities, including restrooms and showers; Provision of basic necessities such as clean bedding, meals, and climate protection; Availability of supportive onsite services including case management, mental health and substance use treatment, housing navigation, and referral services. Emergency shelters shall be low-barrier to entry, decentralized across Pacifica to meet local needs, and designed to serve diverse populations including individuals, families, veterans, seniors, and persons with disabilities. Each constituent jurisdiction shall establish and maintain programs that provide pathways from emergency shelter to: Transitional housing with supportive services such as life skills training, job placement, behavioral health treatment, and addiction recovery; Permanent supportive housing units prioritized for those with chronic homelessness or housing insecurity, disabilities, mental health needs, and veterans. Housing First principles shall guide all permanent housing programs, removing unnecessary barriers to entry while ensuring wraparound services are voluntarily available to residents. Programs shall include access to rental assistance and subsidies ensuring affordability, with residents paying no more than thirty percent (30%) of income in rent where feasible. Each State within Pacifica shall have the duty to ensure adequate funding to provide shelters and housing, in addition to supportive services, for homeless/unsheltered individuals in every county within its jurisdiction, sufficient to meet demand and uphold the guarantee to rent-to-own housing provided herein. States and local jurisdictions shall coordinate with Indigenous nations, non-profits, cooperatives, and private housing providers to expand affordable rent-to-own and supportive subsidized housing stock. Pacifica shall maintain a coordinated homelessness response system that includes: A centralized twenty-four/seven/year-round (24/7/365.25) helpline and online access portal; Integration of housing, health, behavioral, and social services; Equitable distribution of programs and facilities to prevent geographic service gaps. Local and regional decision-making shall include representation from affected communities. Services shall prioritize: Families with minor children; Seniors; Veterans; Persons with disabilities or behavioral health needs; Survivors of domestic violence and other vulnerable populations. The Congress of Pacifica shall have the power to enforce this Provision through appropriate legislation, including funding allocations and oversight mechanisms to ensure compliance by states. Congress shall provide sustained funding support to states, provinces, and localities to help fulfill their obligations, and may establish penalties or corrective actions for noncompliance. Lawful residents denied rights under this Provision may seek judicial relief. Courts shall have authority to compel immediate compliance and order remedies consistent with the guarantees herein. All programs under this Provision shall be administered for citizens without discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, national origin for lawful immigrants, social status, lack of income, or housing status.

[]
The Commonwealth of the several States of Pacifica and the Territories throughout shall have the constitutional power to establish, administer, fund, regulate, and enforce a Primary-Residence Access Program for the benefit of eligible individuals, and to create all offices, funds, procedures, records, forms, and subordinate mechanisms necessary to carry that program into effect. The purpose of this power is to ensure broad accessibility to productive property and practical ownership opportunity for all citizens, so that the Commonwealth fosters a widely held order of small proprietors, household stewards, and independent families rather than a system in which land, shelter, and the means of residence are concentrated in the hands of a few. The program shall provide a practical path for eligible individuals to obtain and maintain an inexpensive parcel of land or primary-residence site, together with essential support for making the property habitable, useful, and secure as an actual home, and eligibility shall extend only to those individuals whose annual income is at or below the national mean per-capita income, who are first-time homeowners, and for whom progressive priority and assistance shall be directed first to those of least means and with the lowest access prices reserved for those with the least ability to pay. The burden of application and qualification shall rest with the applicant, provided that the Commonwealth shall maintain a central office or equivalent administrative service to assist applicants in understanding, preparing, submitting, and maintaining their applications and related requirements, and any eligible applicant may designate a lawful proxy, advocate, agent, guardian, conservator, or supported-decision-making representative to act on the applicant’s behalf where such designation is lawful and consistent with the applicant’s dignity, autonomy, and best interests. This program shall not be limited to conventional houses or to any alleged homestead-development scheme, but shall include the acquisition of vacant land, the acquisition of existing land with a dwelling already upon it, and the financing or subsidizing of new construction, repairs, rehabilitation, and all necessary site and dwelling improvements, including roads, driveways, access works, water supply, wells, towers, cisterns, sanitation, septic systems, energy generation and storage, fuel tanks, gates, fences, bridges, drainage, and like infrastructure necessary to render the residence usable. It shall also include trailers, campers, modular dwellings, and other mobile or towable structures when they are used as the applicant’s actual primary residence, and it may apply to mixed-use parcels, rural lands, and farmland when the intended and lawful purpose is to establish a real home upon the land. The land acquisition price shall be set on a sliding scale, with the maximum allowable price for any eligible applicant capped at the applicant’s annual income at or below the national mean per-capita income divided by 365.25, and with the poorest eligible applicants paying as little as one dollar or such other nominal amount as the Legislature may set; and the Commonwealth may subsidize a substantial share of qualifying housing costs, including up to thirty percent or such other amount as may be required to make the dwelling actually usable, whether the need is for a new residence or for improvements, maintenance, or rehabilitation of an existing house already on the land. No applicant shall be denied eligibility merely because the residence is off-grid, self-supplied, or not connected to public utilities, and the Commonwealth may finance or subsidize essential housing costs without requiring ongoing housing payments as a condition of residence, though reasonable financing arrangements may be offered where needed. The Primary-Residence Access Program shall cooperate with the State Banks of the several States, with the Federal Bank of the federal district, and with such banking institutions as are distributed throughout the Territories as may presently exist, and such banks shall be authorized and encouraged to provide financing for any remainder of costs not covered by the program, including the unpaid balance of the seventy percent remainder of a residence development subsidy or any equivalent balance arising from land acquisition, construction, or improvement. All property acquired or assisted under this program shall be held and maintained under conditions that preserve the occupant’s autonomy, encourage personal stewardship, support the diffusion of ownership among the many rather than concentration among the few, and permit voluntary transfer, consolidation, or shared ownership only by free choice and not by legal compulsion. The Legislature shall have power to enact all laws needful and proper to implement this section, including detailed rules for eligibility, verification, subsidy administration, occupancy requirements, bank coordination, anti-fraud safeguards, recapture or resale restrictions, and any other matter not here expressly set forth, provided that all such laws shall be made in conformity with this Constitution and may not diminish the rights, guarantees, and purposes established herein.
[]

Every city or region above a six-thousand-five-hundred people (>6500 populus) shall operate, fund, or regulate at least one sanitary and utilified public [at-cost or free] hostel with 4 to 16 rooms [or more] that guarantees 24 hours a day, 7 days a week access to homeless/unsheltered people, regardless of weather, season, or time of year, with no night‑time curfew or seasonal closure for the portions reserved for them; within this hostel, homeless/unsheltered individuals (with or without documentation) must be given priority over tourists for available beds, receiving a small room with electric and bathroom, a key or key‑card to their space, and a lockable locker for belongings under a bed‑and‑key model that applies at all times, while also bearing the responsibility to leave their bedspace and shared areas clean and sanitary upon vacating or transferring out, properly disposing of trash and returning shared items, with non‑compliance addressed through supportive measures such as temporary cleaning duties and written warnings rather than immediate eviction, and each State government shall ensure adequate funding, along with cleaning supplies and laundry machines, staff training, and annual monitoring so that any persistent failure to provide uninterrupted 24/7 access and proper bed‑and‑key conditions for homeless and unsheltered people may result in changes of operator or withdrawal of State-provided funding. The hostels should operate as transitional housing for the homeless and unsheltered, so that they have a number of weeks to months they are permitted to stay before being requested to leave, at the discretion of the municipality rule prescriptions. the hostels should also provide access for basic needs, such as low-cost or free meals (breakfast + one main meal), showers, laundry, wireless internet, public computers for maps in addition to email and other digital needs, landline phone, and mail service, along with first‑aid, and as available to provide offers for light paid work (E.g.: cleaning, kitchen, reception) during their stay.

To secure the safety, dignity, and liberty of persons experiencing homelessness and housing insecurity, each State and its political subdivisions shall establish and maintain accessible public campsites within their jurisdictions, located in proximity to major population centers and areas of greatest need. These campsites shall be voluntary and consent-based, never coercive, and shall exist as a lawful option for habitation when an individual chooses them freely. No person shall be compelled to reside in such camps, nor shall their lawful right to remain elsewhere be diminished by the existence of the campsites. Residents of these campsites shall be granted occupancy permissions of no less than one month and no more than three months at a time, with extensions permitted under conditions of exigency, including but not limited to the unavailability of shelter beds or affordable and subsidized housing. Each campsite shall be equipped with essential amenities, including laundry facilities, outdoor kitchens, safe bathrooms, clean drinking water, electricity, telephone and internet access, food provisions, secure mailboxes, trash and sanitation service, showers, storage lockers, and shaded or weather-protected day-use shelters. To promote self-reliance and community health, such campsites shall further provide access to public food forests, community gardens, and reliable transportation via bus or train. These sites shall be managed in a manner that respects individual autonomy, fosters personal security, and recognizes the inherent liberty of all persons to direct their own lives. The purpose of this amendment is not to restrict freedom but to affirmatively guarantee that those who seek refuge will find lawful, humane, and dignified accommodations provided in common trust for the people.

Hostile architecture and designs which are intended to increase the difficulty of life for the homeless and unsheltered, or which obstruct the enjoyment of public utilities and/or works on account of homelessness or lack of shelter, shall be unlawful for deployment or implementation by the public body. The use of gates and fences to close off public areas in order to reduce homeless encampments or foot traffic is prohibited except for high security areas that require defense from passersby. The use of sirens or light generating equipment in order to increase the difficulty of sleeping for the homeless and unsheltered during the common resting hours shall also be barred from use by the government.

SECTION. 17.666

No common carrier, including any operator of carriage, ferry, stagecoach, or public conveyance by land, water, or air, shall refuse to transport any passenger to their intended destination upon tender of reasonable fare, provided that the passenger causes no disturbance, violates no rights of other passengers or the carrier, and complies with necessary safety regulations. Carriers shall be liable for safe delivery absent force majeure, public enemies, inherent defects, or the passenger's own gross misconduct. This provision enshrines the ancient common carrier doctrine as a fundamental right of public access to transit.

[]
This Constitution hereby affirms that all persons, especially vulnerable individuals such as youth in crisis, victims of crime/violence, those experiencing homelessness and housing insecurity, mental health emergencies, extreme weather, medical distress, or exploitation, shall enjoy an absolute irrevocable privilege to confidential, immediate, and cost-free transportation via any common carrier or public transit, including buses, trains, ferries, rideshares, taxis, airlines, and private shuttles operating publicly, to designated safe havens, preempting contrary laws and mandating maximal aid without inquiry into status, ability to pay, or documentation, with state legislatures empowered to prescribe individual conditions for implementation; this Provision hereby establishes a nationwide Safe Haven Transit Network requiring vehicles, stations, stops, apps, and facilities to display universal signage (e.g., "Safe Haven Here"), train personnel in de-escalation and recognition signals (verbal "Safe Haven," symbols, texts to centralized emergency-service lines), and provide 24/7 priority service modeled on national crisis programs, with pet accompaniment, language access, and non-police handoffs; complimentary transport shall include, but not be limited to, delivery to heat/cold exposure shelters, 24/7 homeless/unsheltered service centers, domestic violence/sexual assault/trafficking shelters, urgent care/hospitals/emergency medical transport, psychiatric crisis centers/mobile teams/inpatient stabilization/substance use facilities, police stations/alternative response units/youth runaway services, and any refuge under the broadest interpretation of relevant laws, including food banks, legal aid, and cultural/faith-based sanctuaries, prohibiting refusals and requiring coordination with crisis hotlines or local agencies for trauma-informed transfers; private and public carriers receive full tax write-offs at up to 200% of verifiable costs (fuel, maintenance, lost revenue, training), certified annually by the Treasury, plus grants for expansion (apps, electric vehicles, rural routes), and absolute civil/criminal immunity for good-faith actions in accordance with law, with the Legislature of Congress and each State funding signage, tech, and oversight for equity among Indigenous, rural, disabled, and migrant needs; an autonomous Safe Haven Commission with competent appointees [with oversight from the Legislature] shall enforce via legitimate fines, audits, and citizen suits, issuing annual reports and submitting amendments for approval by the Legislature, allowing State/Provincial enhancements, effective upon three-fourths State/Provincial ratification to entrench compassionate mobility as core to Pacifican Guarantees in daily life.
[]

SECTION. 17.75.

Sub-Section. 1.

Recognizing that economic freedom is essential to individual liberty, prosperity, and human flourishing, we affirm the following rights as fundamental and inviolable.

Economic freedom is guaranteed. Economic freedom includes in particular the freedom to choose an occupation as well as the freedom to pursue private economic activity. No proof of Identity is to be required by the Government of Pacifica upon any [Private] Person for their personal business or for their [Private] employment, except those cases where identity verification is required for security purposes, as well as to professions which are positions of trust, in addition to restricting minors from access to psychoactive substances, or which protect minors from exploitation (such as accessing online sexual marketplaces or uploading to pornography websites).

The laws of Pacifica shall operate in a fashion consistent with the conduction of a privately held, [within reason] maximally laissez-faire free-market limitarian-distributist [moral] economy, with only the minimum amount of restrictive regulation needed to secure the rights of People and Lifeforms/Nature in addition to the Environment of Pacifica and the others of the planet and larger universe/timespaces/multiverse/omniverse, to protect the rights of workers and consumers, to prevent monopolies/monsopolies and circular ownership, prohibit cartels in any form, encourage competitiveness, promote widespread private ownership, compel honesty, as well as to ensure fair, transparent, and sustainable economic growth, in addition to prevent other anti-social or un-ethical business and property-accumulation practices. Those Individuals or aggregations of them who choose to voluntarily enter into privately managed social or communal labor and property contracts are not to be construed as restricted in any way by this provision. This Provision shall not preclude the conduction of Public business exercised through the powers granted by the People in this Constitution, or by each independent State’s constitution, so long as the operation of the Public sector does not interfere with the free operation of the Private sector, and its exercise is otherwise consistent with the principles set forth in this Constitution, or that of each independent State, or both of them, as is appropriate. No level of Government shall establish a Company of Merchants, nor themself erect a business, with exclusive or un-equal advantages of commerce.

The economy of Pacifica shall be built upon the principles of open access, equitable participation, and the prevention of artificial scarcity. No entity shall use financial dominance, supply control, or capacity foreclosure to undermine fair competition or restrict economic opportunity. The deliberate creation or maintenance of constrained supply, through hoarding, over-reservation, or speculative accumulation of resources or production capacity, for the purpose or effect of disadvantaging market participants, shall be prohibited. Any act that transforms temporary shortages or supply-chain bottlenecks into instruments of exclusion, market foreclosure, or predatory delay shall be deemed a violation of market integrity and subject to constitutional remedy. The use of disproportionate financial strength, cross-subsidization, or strategic tolerance for financial loss to distort pricing or choke supply access shall constitute abuse of market power. Pacifica recognizes such conduct as incompatible with an open and resilient economy. The Legislature of Congress and each State shall have authority to define, regulate, and prevent these behaviors through statutes and oversight mechanisms ensuring transparency, equitable resource distribution, and protection of competitive fairness. Violations of this Provision may result in market disaggregation, temporary suspension of procurement rights, corporate restructuring, or other measures necessary to restore access equity and economic balance. Every enterprise within Pacifica shall have the constitutional right to access essential materials, services, and production capacity under fair and nondiscriminatory conditions. No actor shall deny, manipulate, or constrain this access through artificial or strategic scarcity. This provision shall not bar strategic stockpiles by manufacturers or retailers for the purposes of securing supply chain for products that are actually intended to be sold on the market, within reason, but not to any extent which oppose the purpose of this Provision.

[]
Neither the Pacifica nor any State shall authorize, compel, permit, or otherwise allow pricing or availability practices within their Jurisdiction/s that discriminate among consumers by reference to personal, behavioral, biometric, or contextual data in a manner that constitutes unfair business practices, violations of privacy, nor exploitation of health or psychology, including predatory prejudice or desperation availability/fixing/gouging. For purposes of this Provision, dynamic pricing includes surge pricing or artificial scarcity, surveillance pricing/availability, and any algorithmic or individualized pricing practice that: Exploits emotional state, urgency, income signals, browsing behavior, location, device type, or purchasing intent; Exploits stress, fatigue, attention, age range, or health-related cues; takes advantage of individuals who are vulnerable, rushed, or likely to pay; Creates un-reliable, non-uniform, or un-predictable prices inconsistent with regularity in commerce; Uses artificial intelligence, automated profiling, or biometric inference to set or adjust availability/price based on characteristics unrelated to the ordinary cost/availability of providing the product (good or service). Congress and the several States shall have power to enforce this Provision by appropriate legislation in accordance to their just powers to regulate commerce, either intrastate for the States, or interstate as well as international trade for Congress.
[]
The the Legislature of Congress and the several States, as relevant to their own jurisdictional powers and constitutional purview, shall have concurrent power to regulate trade, business, and commerce in order to secure honesty in the sale of goods, prevent predatory practices, and protect the public from deceptive extraction of money through false, incomplete, or materially inaccurate representations of quantity, weight, contents, price, quality, or condition. Every business that offers goods for sale shall maintain reasonable systems for scanning, weighing, testing, verifying, and flagging discrepancies in labeling, packaging, item count, measured content, or product condition, and where a discrepancy is identified, the cashier or responsible agent shall remove the item from sale, correct the price, or refuse the transaction until conformity is restored. Any company, retailer, distributor, manufacturer, wholesaler, or other commercial actor that sells or causes to be sold improperly labeled, underweighted, short-counted, incomplete, adulterated, damaged, or otherwise materially non-conforming goods shall be liable to the purchaser for exchange, refund, restitution, and such civil damages as the relevant Legislature may provide. This liability shall attach not only to direct losses proven by an individual consumer, but also to market-wide misconduct that, if not promptly self-corrected, justifies class-wide relief for all similarly situated purchasers affected by the unlawful practice. The Legislature shall have power to authorize inspection of stock, packages, and inventory for medium and large-scale interstate and international enterprises, or for any business whose scale, distribution, or market power renders such oversight necessary to enforce truthful trade and product integrity. Such inspection may extend to label accuracy, package contents, weight, count, included items, tamper integrity, advertised characteristics, and any other material representation upon which a reasonable consumer would rely in purchasing the product. The Legislature may compel corrective recalls, returns, exchanges, price adjustments, refunds, public notices, reporting obligations, and other remedial measures reasonably adapted to restore consumers to the position they would have occupied absent the violation. For the purpose of supervision and public accountability, the Legislature may establish a business bureau or similar watchdog authority empowered to receive consumer reports, maintain a public record of complaints and resolved matters, and provide a public forum resembling a public ledger in addition to a wiki of business conduct, market history, and product revisions, so long as such recordkeeping shall not itself constitute punishment. The ratings, commentary, and records maintained by such bureau shall not be admissible in court as evidence of liability, though they may reference final judicial decisions, administrative findings, or other adjudicated matters relevant to a business’s public conduct. Repeated or willful refusal to comply with truthful commerce requirements may justify heightened inspection, mandatory disclosure, or temporary exclusion from commerce until the offending practices are remedied, provided that no such measure shall impair the independent regulatory powers of Congress or the several States to promote fair trade and punish violations of this Constitution. The rights secured by this Provision shall be cumulative and shall not supplant any other remedy available at law or in equity, but shall be construed liberally in favor of consumers, consumer unions, and public-interest advocacy groups seeking to prevent exploitation and preserve the integrity of [fair] commerce. In interpreting this Provision, every tribunal shall favor constructions that advance fair dealing, market transparency, accurate measurement, and the public’s right to receive precisely what was represented and paid for.
[]

Since non-compete clauses/agreements [in contracts] are anti-competitive, and can even lock people out of opportunities for meaningful employment, they shall hereby under law be un-enforceable; Not only are non-compete agreements un-enforceable, but an employer who requires employees to sign them can be sued, even if the employer never tries to enforce the agreement. The law shall recognize that employees may not realize these agreements can’t be enforced; if an employer requires employees to sign them anyway, the employer is considered to be either coercing, compulsing, or extorting through establishment of fear that the employee will be sued or otherwise persecuted for competing, even though in fact, the employer cannot enforce the contract; When an employer engages in this behavior, they are gaining an unfair advantage over businesses that follow the law, and therefore the employer can be held liable and subsequently sued for unfair competition and of obstruction in the right to work one's chosen profession, aquire property, compete in a free market, excercise right of association and disassociation, and pursue their own happiness.

Businesses have a liberty interest in setting prices reflecting true costs, free from irrational network rules or state bans that favor one payment form without public interest justification. No government or private actor regulated by federal commerce authority shall abridge merchants' rights to communicate truthful price differences based on payment costs, which is to be protected as speech and economic liberty.

As a part of promoting regularity in Interstate Commerce, all Interstate Commerce by law must offer the option of using Pacifican Lawful Money, Legal Tender, or Bills of Credit, as a medium of exchange for engaging with their goods and services, with no additional charge, fee, inconvenience, or other form of discrimination for using Pacifican Currency or Lawful Money for payment for goods or services; Businesses by law must also offer the option to pay employees in Pacifican Currency or Lawful Money, with no additional charge, fee, inconvenience, or other form of discrimination for requesting Pacifican Currency or Lawful Money as payment;

Any Product bound for international sale which is not unlawful for sale in Pacifica or its Territories under this Constitution, shall be lawful for sale to a purchaser in any country, despite their laws, with the liability on the behalf of the purchaser if that country chooses to retaliate against the exercise of their rights, and upon the retaliating country if they intend to engage in an act of war over Pacifican constitutional policy in respect of the Universal, Fundamental, unalienable, and Naturally endowed Human rights of Persons, including the right to own and/or possess/keep, carry, manufacture and/or modify, receive and/or transfer, import and/or export, buy and/or sell, and use and/or bear whatever weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices they can obtain and use justly, and any blueprints or computer models or recipes and manufacturing instructions for such devices.

As a part of maintaining their Privilege to commence in Commerce, all commercial entities which interact with or operate within Pacifica or the several States, shall be prohibited from implementing, querying, or otherwise engaging with any type of social credit system, from whatever source, whether it is through manual or automated means.

No employer within Pacifica and its territories nor the several States shall require, request, coerce, incentivize, or condition any term of employment upon an employee or job applicant's receipt of a subdermal microchip implant containing a unique identifier for purposes of identification, tracking, access control, or surveillance; nor shall any employer implant or cause to be implanted such a device in any employee or applicant without their fully voluntary, uncoerced consent free from workplace power imbalances; this prohibition extends to any suggestion, promotion, or discussion by the employer that implies such implantation as desirable or necessary for job performance, retention, advancement, or benefits; exceptions shall apply solely to medical microchips implanted voluntarily by licensed healthcare providers for legitimate health monitoring unrelated to employment functions; violations of this Provision shall entitle affected individuals to seek injunctive relief, actual damages including lost wages, punitive damages in an amount not less than a thousand silver dollars per offense, reasonable attorney fees, and costs; this constitutional safeguard protects the inherent right to bodily autonomy, personal privacy, and freedom from invasive technological overreach in the employment context; it preempts any future employer practices that might erode these fundamental liberties as technology evolves; and it ensures that no law or regulation shall abridge these protections, affirming the sovereignty of the individual over their physical integrity against corporate or state-sanctioned compulsion.

Every person shall have the right to provide direct care for their children and dependents without loss of dignity, livelihood, or essential employment benefits. Civil governance and its laws shall recognize caregiving as an act intrinsic to human welfare and social continuity. No person shall be compelled by necessity of employment to forgo medically necessary care for themselves or their dependents. Where the duties of employment can reasonably be performed by remote means or temporary modification of conditions, the employer shall provide such accommodation without prejudice for the purposes in this Provision. Employers, as beneficiaries of labor, shall contribute to the welfare of the worker’s dependents through mandated participation in insurance or benefit programs that ensure the continuity of family health and care during periods when work cannot be safely or reasonably continued. This obligation is not charity but a recognition of shared societal responsibility born from the interdependence of enterprise and family life. Labor shall not be structured as a condition of servitude wherein necessity binds the worker to sacrifice natural familial duties. The right to work with dignity includes the right to humane accommodation and safeguarding of life and family, consistent with the common good of independent households and business built upon moral economics.

It shall be illegal to use slave labor to make products marketed or sold within Pacifica, even those products where such unlawful labour is outsourced. All wages for labour must at a baseline support the livelihood of the worker and not leave them in poverty and despair.

A medical/psychological establishment or business must be run and continue to operate in a manner consistent with the public well-being of the People, and take heed of the patient’s health to the highest regard, not be established for the purposes of producing profit, except perhaps for the Public good and common benefit of Persons, Animals, and Nature.

Sub-Section. 2.

All individuals have the right to freely exchange goods, services, and labor by mutual consent, without coercion or undue interference.

Every person has the right to acquire, own, use, and dispose of private property, including the fruits of their labor and investments.

Every individual has the right to establish, operate, and compete in businesses of their choosing, free from arbitrary or excessive government regulation.

All individuals have the right to enter into, enforce, and dissolve contracts on mutually agreeable terms, without unwarranted restriction.

Individuals are entitled to keep their earnings.

Every person has the right to use and accept any mutually agreed-upon medium of exchange, free from government-imposed monopolies or legal tender laws, except as may be defined and/or set forth in/under this constitution.

Individuals and businesses have the right to associate or not associate with others in economic matters, including hiring, partnership, and trade.

No law on or regulation of business shall grant privileges or impose burdens based on arbitrary distinctions, rather, they shall ensure a level playing field for all participants in the market.

Every individual has the right to work for themselves, pursue entrepreneurship, or offer their labor for compensation freely in the marketplace.

All individuals and businesses have the right to compete peacefully and fairly, without government favoritism, subsidies, or protectionism, except as explicitly laid forth through this constitution

[]
The people possess the inherent and inviolable right to engage in the peaceful sale, exchange, offering, and provision of their own goods and services, and no law shall require a license, permit, franchise, certification, prior approval, or other restrictive scheme as a condition precedent to the exercise of that right, except insofar as any regulation for these categories is strictly necessary to prevent fraud, protect against demonstrable and direct harm, preserve the equal operation of the remaining [just] constitutional powers in addition to [all] rights, or ensure that any exchange involving personal services or transactions affecting a person’s bodily autonomy, privacy, or material interests proceeds upon the basis of [revocable] informed consent. For purposes of this Provision, informed consent shall mean a knowing, voluntary, and intentional agreement made with sufficient disclosure of the material facts that a reasonable person would consider necessary to understand the nature, risks, terms, and consequences of the transaction or service. This right is grounded in the natural liberty of the individual, the rights of property and free exchange, freedom of contract, the just limits of government, and the principle that lawful industry is the rightful province of free persons rather than a privilege dispensed by authority. Any regulation touching upon commerce in goods or services shall be construed narrowly, and any uncertainty shall be resolved in favor of liberty, voluntary exchange, informed choice, and the least restrictive means consistent with the common good. Neither the legislature nor any subordinate authority shall impose occupational barriers, arbitrary fees, discretionary approvals, or exclusionary schemes that burden ordinary trade beyond what is indispensable to enforce generally applicable laws of fraud, contract, health, safety, property, or informed consent. The right secured by this Provision shall apply equally to all persons, and no distinction shall be made on the basis of occupation, method of sale, or the scale of enterprise, save where a neutral law of general application lawfully and necessarily requires otherwise. This guarantee shall be self-executing, and every court and public officer shall construe it as a rule of construction favoring free enterprise, minimal restraint, informed consent, and the broadest practical access of the people to earn a livelihood by their own labor and property. To the extent that any existing constitutional Provision or lawful regulation may reasonably be harmonized with this Provision, it shall be so construed; otherwise, this Provision shall control in order to secure the natural right of the people to pursue honest commerce free from undue governmental obstruction.
[]

Sub-Section. 3.

These rights shall not be infringed, abridged, or denied by any government or authority. Their protection is essential to a free, just, and prosperous society.

SECTION. 18.

No law may compel public service out of a person, nor shall a punishment require a person to work in public office to serve their sentence, though the law may require by law, punishment/s where that a person serves their community to rectify the harm they caused upon them, in ways which do not endanger their safety, such as by, but not limited to, requiring the convicted to plant trees, pick up trash, or to clean roads, planting strips, sidewalks, and pathways from debris.

No relationship amounting to slavery or any other form of involuntary servitude shall exist between any legal entity (including but not limited to government) or natural Person and any other legal entity OR person; No law shall establish the institution of slavery, conscription, indenture, or any other form of involuntary servitude other than Jury or Witness duty, within Pacifica, or in any place subject to its jurisdiction [or within any facility, fort, or installation under its direction], otherwise than as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted; Congress and each State shall have power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

SECTION. 19.

No Constitutional authority granted by ‘the People’ to their government can disenfranchise any free person their unalienable rights or unalienable justice, which are fundamental and eternally inviolate.

Neither Congress nor the States or other Territories shall be permitted to convert a right into a privilege, or a liberty into a license, and charge a fee therefore, limit, or deny them. Anything that is a right cannot be subject to conditions or licensing. Should Congress or any state convert a liberty/right into a privilege, charge a fee and issue a license for it, one may ignore the license and fee and engage in the exercise of the right with impunity, irregardless of its status of security within this Constitution.

Everyone possesses an inherent right to defend their Natural Rights, including [upon their discretion] with lethal force, as may be prescribed by this Constitution, which shall be secured by law.

Everyone shall possess the right to resist any law or order that infringes on their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees, and when it is not possible or reasonable to resort to the public authorities, to use force to repel any aggression against them; The People retain the right to resist unlawful arrests, laws, or orders, (which themselves are forms of true terrorism, being acts of violence by the government upon the People and Persons) shall be secured by law in each of the State legislatures.

Rebellion against tyranny, being an essential pillar to uphold freedom/liberty, in order to promote the natural rights and secure justice, a citizen’s natural duty to their country to rebel, shall be secured by law, which itself refers to the essential duty of any Person, but particularly the Citizenry, to rebel against unjust laws, orders, and actions, which are any of those laws or actions that are contrary to, de-valuate, or which do violate any of the natural rights or natural justice. This duty entails that People dismiss, oppose, forcibly resist, and correct any violations of natural rights and justice by any unjust law, order, or action of any territory, State, Locality, the Union, or any other jurisdiction or facility/fort/installation under the dominion or control of Pacifica, any State, or other level of Sovereignty, including from imminent threats against them such as standing armies erected to enforce these violations of volition.

Those who Incite, Dispatch, Sign, or Execute Arbitrary or Unjust Acts or Orders, or cause them to be executed, are guilty of treason and must be punished. Let any individual who would usurp sovereignty of the Citizenry be put to death to prevent any further victimization.

If any action or declaration of government, administered under the Executive or Legislative, the chief justice, governmental officials or authorities, or any of the public servants offend in any respect against any person, or transgress any of the articles of the peace or of this security under the Pacifican Constitution, and the offense is made known to a Consular Justice of a court of Competent Jurisdiction, they shall come to the Executive Authority or Attorney General of such Jurisdiction, or in their absence from the Jurisdiction, to the chief justice of the Supreme Court of such Jurisdiction, to declare it as so, and claim immediate redress. If the Executive or Attorney General of such Jurisdiction, or in their absence abroad, the chief justice of such Supreme Court, have made no redress within thirty-one days, reckoning from the day on which the offense was declared to us or to them, the Court Justice Consul of a court of Competent Jurisdiction shall refer the matter to the rest of the court bench panel, who may along with the Citizen/s, distrain upon and assail us in every way possible, with the support of the whole community of the land, by seizing our domiciles, lands and properties, possessions, or anything else, saving only the Representative’s own person and those of their family and [close] familial friends [unless for Treason, then they shall die], until they have secured such redress as they have determined upon. Having secured the redress, they may then resume their normal adherence to [just] laws operating under due process within our union of Pacifica.

Whenever the Executive, Legislature, or Judiciary become instruments of oppression, the People retain the right and duty to withdraw recognition, withhold obedience, and establish parallel institutions of justice and governance. No act of peaceful disobedience to an unjust command shall be punishable by law.

All People recognize the right [and duty] of revolution; that is, the right [and duty] to refuse allegiance to, and to resist, the government, when its inefficiency, oppression, or tyranny, are great and unendurable. Resistance to oppression is the consequence of the other rights of Persons. There is oppression against the social body when a single one of its members is oppressed. There is oppression against every member when the social body is oppressed. Government is instituted for the common benefit, protection, and security, of the whole community, and not for the private interest or emolument of any one Individual, family, group, or class of people; therefore, whenever the ends of government are perverted, and public liberty manifestly endangered, and all other means of redress are ineffectual, the People may, and of right ought to reform the old, or establish a new government or a suitable lack thereof. The doctrine of non-resistance against arbitrary power, and oppression/repression, is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of humankind. Governments are instituted among People to secure [the People’s] rights, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; Whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most expedient, being most likely to positively effect the security of their Safety, Liberty, and Happiness; When a long train of abuses and usurpations reduce the People to be ruled under absolute Despotism, it is their most inviolable of rights, and their most indispensable of duties, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security and freedom.

Whenever the Government endeavor to take away, and destroy the Property of the People, or to reduce them to Slavery under Arbitrary Power, they put themselves into a state of War with the People, who are thereupon absolved from any farther Obedience, and are left to the common Refuge, which is provided for all People Universally, against Force and Violence. Whensoever therefore the Government shall transgress this fundamental Rule of Society; and either by Ambition, Fear, Folly or Corruption, endeavor to grasp themselves, or put into the hands of any other an Absolute Power over the Lives, Liberties, and Estates of the People; By this breach of Trust they forfeit the Power, the People had put into their hands, for quite contrary ends, and it devolves to the people, who have a Right to resume their original Liberty. The rights of the People shall not be subject to licensing, permit, or denial, except as justified by a power in this constitution specifically calling for narrow and limited authority to do so for a specific named/listed purpose, and subject to broad consensus and explicit consent of the People through the social contract.

All Citizens who defend themselves from an officer of law or any other government official or contractor, acting unlawfully or in error, shall be awarded with the one-ounce platinum-coated Citizen’s golden medal of valor, at the cost of the department employing the member of the public body, awarded by a Justice of the Citizen’s Supreme court of their State, in addition to criminal charges against their attacker and civil [judicial] remedy.

SECTION. 19.5.

We the People reserve the right to form autonomous regions that are compliant to the rights reserved within the constitution of Pacifica, and reserve our own local governance so far as it does not violate the natural rights of anyone, and in addition furthermore extend our claim to local governance on our own properties and in our dominions.

SECTION. 20.

It is proper for People to protect themselves, their families, and others from intruders and attackers without fear of prosecution or civil action for acting in defense of themselves and others, including against their property. Each Individual has the unalienable [Natural] right of Self-Defense against the Initiation of [unjust] force, or any other form of aggression. No Individual or association of Individuals, however constituted, has the right to initiate force against any other individual; No one may rightfully threaten, or commit, the initiation of aggression/offensive_violence/[un-just]_force against another Person or their Property; Written, verbal, and physical threats of imminent Physical Violence are sufficient justification for a defensive response in a physical manner; Force may be [justly] employed only against the Individual/s who threaten/s to or do/es commit violence, that is, only defensively against the aggression/[unjust]_force/violence of another or others; No violence may be [justly] employed against [a] non-aggressor/s.

Every person possesses an unalienable, inviolable, unavoidable, inherent, and [ancient/timeless] supreme pre-political right to defend their life, liberty, health and bodily integrity, mind and free conscience, speech, communication, property, and all other natural rights from infringement, coercion, aggression, or violation by any other person, group, government, or entity. This right is not derived from government, but exists inherently in all persons and even animals and other life-forms in nature by virtue of their existence. A person may use any degree of force, including but not limited to physical, digital, reputational, economic, or otherwise, as is necessary or reasonably believed to be necessary, in addition to sufficient, to prevent, halt, resist, retaliate against, or remedy any infringement of their natural rights, provided that: The force is directed toward the aggressor or source of rights violation; The action arises as a consequence of a violation already committed, underway, or imminently threatened; The force is not intentionally directed at uninvolved or innocent third parties. In any civil or criminal proceeding concerning the use of defensive force, the burden shall be on the prosecution or accuser to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that: No rights were violated by the alleged aggressor; The accused was not acting in security nor defense or restoration of their rights; The level of force used was indiscriminate. Absent such proof, the defendant shall be presumed to have acted lawfully and justly. The right to self-defense shall apply equally to violations or credible threats against: Bodily autonomy and physical integrity; Property, land, tools, documents, currency, and communications; Speech, conscience, belief, expression, and association; Electronic identity, information, access, and communication; Personal liberty and free movement; Reputation and honor; Family, dependents, and wards; Privately owned Animals; Civil, contractual, or recognized rights under law or custom. Defensive force need not be equal to the force used by the aggressor, but shall be considered lawful so long as it: Is not wantonly excessive or cruel for the sole purpose of punishment or torture; Aims to terminate or rectify the rights violation or prevent recurrence; Ceases upon full cessation or surrender of the threat. A person may act in anticipatory defense against a credible and direct threat, and may also act in retaliatory defense where the justice system has failed or refused to remedy a rights violation, provided their actions do not breach the rights of uninvolved persons. No person acting in good faith under actual threat or action under this Provision shall be civilly or criminally liable for any harm done to the aggressor or violator of rights, except in cases of clear malice, or indiscriminate harm to others. No government, agency, official, or law may restrict, deny, nullify, suspend, delay, or interfere with a person’s exercise of this right, including by registration, licensure, taxation, or prohibition of the tools, knowledge, or preparations for such defense, unless such restrictions are directed against a proven aggressor after due process during the period for which they serve their sentence. Censorship, sabotage, force, theft, fraud, threats, unjust surveillance, unlawful detention, unjust seizure, psychological coercion, or technological interference with a person’s property, health, autonomy, voice, or choices shall be recognized as forms of aggression for which defensive action is protected under this Provision. This right shall extend to the defense of others, to mutual defense compacts, to militia or resistance groups formed for the protection of the natural rights of persons, and to the collective rejection of tyranny in any form, whether private or public.

An Initiator/[Actor] of Aggression against a Person, Property, or any other Right, declares a state of War upon the Innocent whom they Violate/Injure and Tyrannize, and thereby such Aggressor forfeits their Right to Life, and hands such right to decide their own fate of health and life or death over to their victim, and subsequently retain no true/justible Right to Self-defense against those whom they oppress or against those who come to the aid of the oppressed, except for in the case of involvement with members of Law Enforcement, who themselves must act in a reasonable manner and not use undue nor disproportionate force, neither inflict cruel or unusual nor any other form of excessive punishment, when placing an arrest or receiving a perpetrator from Citizen custody, and such right is restored upon the guilty having served their sentence and repaid the debt to society they have induced by stealing from [the virtue of] the [irreproachable] injured afflicted/suffering part[y]/ies.

All Persons shall have the right of self-defense as well as defense of their property, person, as well as any natural and Constitutional Rights, and others who are under a direct and real threat, against initiators of aggression, including any Agent of the Public Administration acting un-lawfully or in error. No Person shall be convicted of any criminal offense for any act or omission which took place for defense on their property and which is a direct response to another Person trespassing or otherwise initiating unjust force on that property, person, or Constitutional Right/s, and therefore acting in breach of the law or the Constitution, resulting in such threat as described in this provision; It shall be an affirmative defense that such act or omission was an act of self-defense, either of oneself or another, or one’s or another’s property, or any other rights (e.g.: Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence) of oneself or another or any number of additional Individuals; A Person is justified in using physical force upon another Person to defend themselves or others, or their property, as well as any natural and Constitutional Rights from what they believe there is irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence to be the use or imminent use of aggression or [un-just_]force/attack/offensive_violence; In defending, a Person may use whatever force they deem necessary, including with maximum escalation, without the need to alert anyone to their injury, or warn about their imminent use of defensive force first. Any violations of natural or constitutional rights may be met with lethal force, upon the discretion of the victim, regardless of if it was an accident/error. When possible and reasonable, the assailant ought to be secured and delivered to the public authorities, but there is no requirement of [a] defender/s to preserve the aggressor/[s]’s life, or even bodily integrity. As with any form of aggression against another, whether theft, fraud, the initiation of aggression/[un-just_]force/attack/violence, interference with any right, or the or the imminent threat thereof, the law shall not require the assailed part[y]/ies to weigh with great nicety/signification the probable extent of the attack upon them or another, and they may freely decide to use the most forceful means available against their or another’s assailant, even to the extent of ending the assailant’s life; Deadly force may be used to protect People or property from criminal activity, or to prevent a fleeing felon from evading capture for violence perpetrated against persons as well as for making off with or destroying property, regardless of if the Person/s or property owner/s “reasonably believe/s” the/ir Person/s or propert[y]/ies could be protected by any other means, even when there would be no risk of death or serious injury subjected to the offended Person/s, or to the property owner to attempt recovery. Defensive Homicide shall be excused even when a person has any other probable means of preserving their Person, Property, as well as any natural and Constitutional Rights from one who attacks them, or is in the commission of any felonious crime, or particularly for that in a sudden quarrel when the person’s attacker assails them, so that they are truly reduced to this inevitable necessity. A defender cannot as a matter of principle, be criminally charged or held civilly liable for any act or omission which took place as an immediate response to an aggressor or initiator of [un-just_]force/attacker/violator attacker, nor for wounding the aggressor. The People, as a popular sovereign, at all times, are ensured this right, without need of restraint, as a means of their Independence.

Everyone possesses an Inherent Right to defend their Natural Rights, and any powers, capacities, or effects stemming directly from them, including [upon their discretion] to defend with lethal force, as may be prescribed by this Constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith. All Persons shall be respected in and have secured by law their right of Self-defense of their Person, as well as securing and/or defense of their Property, along with any Natural, Constitutional, and Customary/Fundamental Rights, and for other Persons who are under a direct and real Threat, against Initiators of Aggression, including any Agent of the Public Administration acting unlawfully or in error, regardless of if it is within the discharge of their duties or performed in good faith. Defense of property is defense of self, as it is a defense of one’s rights such as their pursuit of happiness or right to own and control the fruits of one’s labor unless lawfully transferred in ownership&control to another A person is justified in using physical force upon another Person to defend themself or others, or their Property, as well as any Natural and Constitutional rights from what they believe beyond irrefutable proof to be the use or imminent use of aggression/[un-just]_force/attack/violence; In defending, a person may use whatever force they deem necessary, including with maximum escalation, without need to alert anyone to their injury, or warn about their imminent use of defensive force first. Any violations of natural or Constitutional rights may be met with lethal force, upon the discretion of the victim, regardless of if it was an accident/error, even when performed in good faith without malice. As with any form of aggression against another, whether theft, fraud, the initiation of aggression/[un-just]_force/attack/violence, interference with any right, or the imminent threat thereof, the law shall not require the assailed Part[y]/ies to weigh with great nicety/signification the probable extent of the attack upon them or another, and they may freely decide to use the most forceful means against their or another’s assailant, as the defender shall deem proper, even to the extent of ending the assailant’s life. A defender cannot, as a matter principle, be criminally charged or held civilly liable for any act or response to an aggressor or initiator of[un-just]_force/attacker/violator, nor for wounding the aggressor. The People, as a popular sovereign, at all times, are ensured this right, without need of restraint, as a means of their Independence. This right shall include the right to resist any law or order that infringes on their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees, and to use sufficient force to repel or effect an end to any violation of themself or other true aggression against them. This shall also include the right to resist any assaults against them constituting an unlawful arrest or an illegal restraint, as well as to escape wrongful detentions and false imprisonment. There is no duty to retreat before engaging in defense of one’s or another’s rights, and nobody shall be charged with a criminal offense for standing their ground (Where there is no duty to retreat in defense of one’s or another’s rights) in the face of an attack against them, their property, or interference with the exercise of any right, freedom, or guarantee. People convicted for resisting unlawful arrest shall be released from imprisonment immediately and have their charges connected to such resistance expunged, including any attempted or successful defensive force upon the assaulting officer/s attempting to affect the illegal arrest, before or after any illegal entry by the offender, if there be any.

Everyone shall possess the right to resist any law or order given by the Public Administration or its members and contractors beneath the government [in actual service], or those cooperating with either, if the Person/s reasonably believe the law or order to be in opposition to the will of “the People”, or that which infringes on their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees, whether natural or otherwise, and that they may furthermore refuse to co-operate with them as well for the same reason, as well as to use sufficient [including if needed, lethal] force to repel any aggression, as may seem to them to be reasonably necessary. Everyone may resist unlawful arrest and unlawful detention, as well as escape false imprisonment, without legal consequence, up to the point of taking an arresting officer’s or other person’s life if reasonably necessary to sufficiently repel the assault and battery, or kidnapping, constituting the arrest or illegal confinement. So too shall be secured everyone’s right to repel unlawful entry by any public servant, including up to using lethal force to defend land or premises from illegal invasion.

No law shall abridge the right of self-defense and defense of others against initiators of aggression, including, but not limited to, any members of the Public Administration where acting unlawfully or in error, including the right, to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of Arms in all variations, meaning but not constrained to being any and all lengths and sizes, powers, capacities, grades (Military or otherwise), and tacticalities [or the lack thereof] (meaning armaments, ammunitions, and armors).

The right of any Person to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of Arms in all variations, (meaning but not constrained to being any and all lengths and sizes, powers, capacities, grades/specs {Military or otherwise}, and tacticalities [or the lack thereof]), in defense of their own Land/s, Home/s, Business/es, Person/s, or Propert[y]/ies, or to the defense of another’s or other’s Land/s, Home/s, Business/es, Person/s, or Propert[y]/ies, or in consensual Aid of the Civil Power when thereto legally summoned, shall not be called into question.

In addition to the already existing right to self-security and self-defense [and the security and defense of others] of property, person, and any other naturally, constitutionally, Common Law, contractually, or legislatively conferred right, and to un-limitedly access [in all just ways (meaning without violating the rights of another),] all such needful equipment and other resources to secure these, and all free People shall at all times have the right to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of non-lethal defensive tools in all variations, meaning but not constrained to being any and all lengths and sizes, powers, capacities, grades (Military or otherwise), and tacticalities [or the lack thereof], in their just course of daily life.

Air-guns, Linear-[projectile]-accelerators, and Gauss-guns are defensive tools, and as such, are not considered firearms, and are not restrictable for or against minor class citizens; This includes but is not limited to high-power/high-velocity, high-capacity, and high-accuracy, tactical-style air pistols and air rifles, whether air-soft, BB, pellet, or slug/rod munition and irregardless of if it is pre-charged, multi-pump action, CO2 pneumatic, motor-operated, or propelled by gravitational, electric, magnetic, or electro-magnetic power, and whether single-shot, semi-automatic, select-fire, full-auto, or elsewise. All that is necessary to “keep and bear” these items is the right of property and contract to procure them.

The right of the people to train and implement animals for their self-security and self-defense shall not be barred nor limited by law, in just accordance to ethical treatment of such creatures, and in conformity to their protected rights.

All Persons are by nature free and independent, and have certain inherent, essential, absolute, self-regulating, and unalienable rights, among these are Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Privacy, Property/Estate, and the Pursuit of Happiness, and the right to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of Arms in all variations, meaning but not constrained to being any and all lengths and sizes, powers, capacities, grades (Military or otherwise), and tacticalities [or the lack thereof] (meaning armaments, ammunitions, armors, and others), for security and defense of self, family, home, property, business, hunting, recreational use, and all other just purposes, and such rights shall not be restricted, denied, suspended, abridged, obstructed or delayed, impacted, impaired, infringed, or in any other way compromised by the government or any sub-division or affiliation thereof, nor by the people through initiative or referendum [as with all other rights].

A Well Regulated/Uniformized, Regimented and Disciplined, Stocked/Armed, along with Maintained and [Continually] Improving Militia, composed of the body of the People trained to arms, being necessary for the best security for a free State [of being] and protecting a sovereign society composed of Independent Individuals against tyranny, the [Fundamental] Right of the People [as such Individuals] to keep and bear Arms for lawful Public purposes, and justible Private purposes, is elevated above all other interests, and shall not be prohibited or denied, suspended, restricted, abridged, obstructed or delayed, impacted, impaired, infringed, or otherwise compromised, and no one, whether conscientiously, morally, or [a]spiritually/[a]religiously, or otherwise objecting to their bearing Arms, shall ever [for any reason whatsoever] be compelled to render Military service in person, in whatever form at all whatsoever; People [as Individuals] and Private Business are ensured the right to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of Arms in all variations, including but not limited to any armor of defense, irregardless of the Arms’ common use with the Armed Forces (Military or Militia) of Pacifica, its Territories, the several States, or Localities thereof, and whether or not it is for use in War or Military activities, in times of peace or war, for the defense of their businesses, lands, homes, vehicles/crafts, structure/s and/or domicile/s, for themselves at home or abroad, Pacifica, their Territory, their State, or Locality therof, for them to hunt for survival and trade or commerce, and for them to engage in recreation/sport;-And they are assured the freedom to fowl and hunt [non-endangered] game at seasonable times on the lands they hold, and on all other lands therein not enclosed;-And no free person or released prisoner shall ever for any reason be debarred of Arms within their own lands or tenements, nor of justly acquiring from or transferring such Arms with another including in business or commerce; As such, ‘the People’ naturally do have the right to Arms for the defense of themselves, and upon their own [voluntary] consent, in assistance to the State; As standing armies in time of Peace are dangerous to Liberty, they ought be avoided and therefore shall not be kept up, as far as the circumstances and protection of the Community will admit;-But in all cases, the Armed Forces shall be kept under strict subordination to, and governed by, the Civil power; that therefore no standing army, or regular troops, shall be raised or kept up in time of peace.

Since it is true that a Militia of the People (a de-centralized, distributed force of armed individuals, comprised of the body of the People, who maintain working weaponry and tactics commensurate to a military force), is necessary for, and essential to, the preservation of a free way of life, the inherent, natural, and unalienable rights of non-incarcerated People everywhere to defensive weaponry of any kind, in accordance to this constitution, shall never be encroached upon so as to limit or undermine those rights.

To secure the liberty and independence of the people of Pacifica and each state and territory therein, it shall be an inviolable right of every free person to be armed and duly disciplined in a personal and self-organized manner. The people shall maintain sufficient arms, ammunition, and military supplies, fostered through local manufactories, to ensure their self-reliance and independence from external control or coercion. This right shall extend to the defense against any abuse of power or tyranny, including that which may arise from their own government, preserving the sovereignty of the people as the ultimate check on governmental authority. States and territories shall retain the autonomy to organize their militias and maintain readiness to act as a safeguard of their freedoms and security. Furthermore, the government of Pacifica shall promote policies that encourage economic and military self-sufficiency, ensuring that the people are not dependent on foreign or centralized sources for essential defense materials. This provision is a fundamental guarantee that the people’s liberty, security, and republican principles remain protected against the concentration and potential abuse of power.

Adult class citizens may Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear weapons, destructive devices, live ammunitions, projectile propellants, and armors for Personal purpose and for use in the Militia. The use by others less than eighteen years and whom are not emancipated youth, of weapons, destructive devices, live ammunitions, and projectile propellants, must be under the supervision of someone who is an adult class citizen and with authorization of a Parent, Legal Guardian, or lawful Caretaking and Protecting Custodian, except in cases of immediate self-security and self-defense, and securing or defense of others against initiators of aggression instigated against Property, Person, or any other right, so far as it is in conformity with what is set forth here, and elsewhere in this Constitution; except that Minors of any age, upon learning arms safety and maintainence and passing a written test and physical examination of the knowledge thereof, may: Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, [Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit], [Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify], [Maintain/Service], [Buy and/or Sell], and Use and/or Bear Weapons, Destructive Devices, Live Ammunitions, and Projectile Propellants, if the items in question were transferred to the minor by or under the guiding authority of the Minor’s Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving Lawful Custodian/s, or by another Person or other Persons, with the consent of the minor’s Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or Protective and Caregiving Lawful Custodians; or alternatively: They may possess a circumstantially restrained prior authorization/permission from such authority, or from another supervising Person who possesses the consent of that authority to carry out supervisory duties, so that the minor may carry out to retrieve the necessary firearm, so long as consent is granted from all adult class parties involved at stake, as reasonably possible, except in exigent circumstances where consent may be impractical or impossible to grant;-And that all minors shall be able to purchase, carry, and use Armors without any restriction in so far as their Age of Capacity as may be prescribed by this constitution or a ruling of the courts in accordance therewith, to the denial in the will of any other Authority against the same.

Arms shall be without limitation [except as may be prescribed by this constitution] of any and all lengths and sizes, powers, capacities, grades/specs (Military or otherwise), features, tacticalities [or the lack thereof], and technicalities or innovations, and being any weapon [including but not limited to blunt or spiked knuckles or batons/clubs/sticks, blades [whether low-resistance or assisted opening] [and whether ballistic or not] and swords along with bayonets and plasma-sabres, along with armaments [such as, but not relegated exclusively to: slung shots and firearms], destructive devices [including but not limited to explosive charges, whther or not if they are propelled and/or guided by man or machines, such as bombs, mines, and grenades, missiles, and warheads], ammunition/s of offense, and projectile propellant/s or munition explosive/s, whether black powder fired or otherwise, whether fully-automatic whether or not it is with select/adjustable fire-rate, select-fire whether or not it is with select/adjustable fire-rate, semi-automatic, revolver, crank operated, pump-action, lever-action, bolt-action, single-shot break-barrel, single- or multi- barrel (double, triple, quadruple, pental, hexal, septenal, octal, nonal, Et Cetera…, ad infinitum) and ‘mixed mode/s’, or elsewise, including but not limited to body, structural, and vehicular armor, including construction materials suitable and desired, along with their parts, such as keypads and processors, or components not limited to but containing items like fuses and triggering mechanisms, as well as timers, micro-controllers or microcomputers, sensors, or other components such as but not restricted to ceramic tiles and metal plates, in addition to self-destruction incendiary linings or core-loads, and the supplies along with tools to make any [just] Arms, either loaded or empty, whether openly or concealed and/or Misleading/Disguised or Masked/Camouflaged, and without discrimination on account of its/their composition and corresponding ability to be detected [by any lawful manner of searching/scanning]; Such Arms are lawful, and may be potentially Afixed/Detached, transformed, expanded/collapsed, and it is to be also mentioned that the Rights to Arms also encompass using Arms in conjunction to other Property one Rightfully Controls or has Lawful Permission to Possess and/or Use, including but not limited to: Mounting/Attaching or Separating/Disjoining Weapons and Armors, which may or may not themsel[f]/ves be folding or converting multiplying/growing or joining/extending and partitioning/separating or shrinking/receding, pertaining to Weapons, Ammunitions, Destructive Devices, Armors, Vehicles/Craft and Rovers and/or Drones, whether or not they are autonomous, and to implement any necessary and sufficient augmentations for utilizing those enhancements as is within their [equal] natural rights, as long as they are direct-able by the Rightful Owner or Constitutionally Lawful User.

In addition to the inherent right to keep and bear arms, every person authorized under this constitution to possess them shall possess the lawful capacity to design, build, possess, and train with any defensive or offensive technology in parity with any weapon, armor, vehicle, or system held by any arm of the government, except weapons prohibited by self-evident universal treaties banning indiscriminate mass destruction or injury, and as delineated by this Constitution. There shall be no limitations or restrictions to this capacity.

The right of the people to freely manufacture, assemble, own, possess, and exchange arms, including but not limited to arms made via traditional methods, extrusion and sintering 3D printing, Jer-moulding, CNC milling, or full kits of any non-completion level (0% to 99%) shall not be infringed, regulated, or subject to governmental registration, serialization, or oversight. No statute, executive order, or agency rule shall require, directly or indirectly, the serialization, registration, or government recordkeeping of such arms or their parts for any lawful use. The methods, materials, and private transfers of such arms among free individuals remain beyond the rightful scope of government authority, except where due process has removed an individual’s constitutional eligibility to possess arms due to serving a sentence for criminal act/s or safety-justified civil commitment. No authority of the People or their Government may inhibit or deny the just procurement, configuration, creation, distribution, and use of weapon/s parts and manufacturing kits to adult class citizens or minors upon consent of their parents, no matter their readiness to be assembled and deployed, in accordance to this Constitution. This right protects commercial mass production.

There shall be no National, State, Territorial, or Local limitation on Private Citizens’ Arms; Federal, Territorial, State, or Local governments are not allowed to ban Private Citizen Armors, Weapons, Destructive Devices, Ammunitions, Munitions, Parts, Extensions, Attachments, Accessories, or other Objects or Devices of/for recreation/sport, hunting, self-security and self-defense, and securing and defending others, as well as war [including revolution], based on their classification, beyond what is set forth under this Constitution. No agent/officer, agency/division, district or municipality, county or bio-region, or any other political sub-division of Federal, Territorial, State, or ANY level of Locality therein, for such government, shall ever restrict the right to bear arms by means of claim to Territorial Sovereignty or Jurisdiction, ammunition or destructive device capacity, caliber, modification, part, extension, attachment, accessory, decibel, method of carry, capability, or by any other means. National, State, Territorial, and Local laws are not allowed to limit the People’s private Arms, as Armors and Armaments along with Destructive Devices and Ammunition, Parts, nor Extensions, Attachments, Accessories, or other Objects or Devices of/for Recreation/Sport and Hunting, Self-Security and/or Self-Defense and Securing and/or Defense of Others, as well as Lawful Common Defense and War, and all other Just Purposes, beyond what is set forth under this Constitution. The sovereign Nation of Pacifica, its Territories, and the several Independent States, and their Localities, together, in union, unanimously affirm, and formally recognize this right, to be a fundamental right inherent to all free [and released] Individuals. Any and all regulations or restrictions of this right, if they may exist, shall be as directed by this Constitution or in accordance therewith, and in all instances and cases, shall be subject to strict scrutiny and repeal by the Citizen’s court, or a [Citizens’] Jury operating therewith.

There shall be no National, State, or Local Registry or Watch-list of Individuals or Businesses or other Artificial Entities Owning, Possessing, Manufacturing, Designing/Editing, Altering, Repairing/Servicing, Buying/Selling, or Using Arms, neither their Arms Owned or Used, nor their Parts, Attachments, Accessories or other related Items, neither shall a Psychological Evaluation nor Arms Safety or Training Course be necessary, neither Background nor Social Media or other Check/s, Permit, License, Weapon Identification Card, Database Record/s or Entr[y]/ies, Registration, or Reporting ever be a requirement, neither shall any other form/s of Regulation/s or Restriction/s or Prohibition/s be enacted which in any way limit the Just Excercise of the freedom in Persons, to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear a diversity of any Arms, Parts, Extensions, Attachments, or Accessories, neither shall Personal Status or Legal History, nor any Law or Penalty obstruct a Person from this Constitutional right, except as may be laid forth through this Constitution; There shall be no requirement for a private individual to obtain a manufacturing, transportation, storage, or retail license, nor to create or maintain a unique serial number or object identification code, neither to keep any records of sales or customers, for/about/regarding any Arms, in order for them to engage in industry or commerce surrounding design and manufacture, distribution, storage, and/or sale of such Arms, including by mail or parcel service; All Individuals, even those whom customarily had previously been restricted status Persons such as probates or parolees, may manufacture, possess, and justly use their own “antique firearm”, and any other Persons themselves may see to manufacture any type of armament they desire, including new and better designs, implementations, and technologies.

There shall be established a national registry of Public armaments, ammunition, munitions, and destructive devices, owned and sold by the government, but such registry shall not extend to track or trace the purchases of any private Citizen who may engage in trade with business through the Department of Goods and Services, or for any other purpose than transparency and accountability of the government as a collective entity. The registry will apply to tracking the purchase, possession, and sale of such arms by government, and any transferal to another institution or department on the Federal, Territorial, State, or Local level, or to a foreign Public entity, but shall not extend to require Private Citizens arms being registered and/or tracked except as they enter and exit the system as arms becoming and leaving governmental custody, in a manner consistent with a voluntary consent-based free-market.

There shall be no tax on Armors, Weapons, Destructive Devices, Ammunitions, Parts, Extensions, Attachments, Accessories, or other Object or Device of/for Recreation/Sport and Hunting, Self-Security and Self-Defense along with Security and/or Defense of Others, as well as lawful Common Defense and War, and all other just purposes.

There shall be no limitations or special cases for where Arms may or not be sold or how they may move interstate or internationally, nor requirements on how Arms may be stored by the People, but any limitations, special circumstances, or requirements for storage, shall only be applicable to the government when they are working a high-security position and security protocol requires the device be locked down to prevent accidental loss or theft, as well as discharge.

The people of Pacifica shall have the inherent and unalienable self-regulating absolute natural right to keep and bear arms for lawful self-defense, the defense of others, the defense of home and property, and all other lawful purposes, hunting, sport, as well as training, and this right shall not be reduced or gradually usurped by any law, ordinance, rule, regulation, policy, custom, or condition of access. No law shall require a permit, license, prior approval, registration, or government authorization as a condition of openly carrying or concealed carrying a blade/knife firearm by a law-abiding person in any public place, including private places open to the general public. This right shall apply throughout all States, Territories, and Districts of Pacifica, and no subordinate government, public authority, or private entity acting under color of law shall diminish, burden, delay, penalize, or discriminate against the lawful exercise of that right. No person shall be denied the right to possess or carry a blade/knife or firearm for defensive purposes in any establishment open to the public, whether owned, operated, leased, or controlled by a public or private person or entity, except in those narrowly defined sensitive places expressly established by this Constitution. Any restriction on blades/knives and firearms in a sensitive place shall be narrowly tailored, objectively defined, and consistent with the equal civil liberty of the people to arm themselves for lawful defense, hunting, sport, and training. No public or private operator of an establishment open to the public shall impose a blade/knife or firearm prohibition by mere policy, signage, contract, or administrative discretion where such prohibition is inconsistent with this Constitution. The lawful open or concealed carrying of a blade/knife or firearm shall not, by itself, create probable cause, reasonable suspicion, adverse presumption, or lawful basis for exclusion, detention, disarmament, or punishment. All conflicting laws, regulations, policies, and practices are hereby declared void to the extent of their inconsistency with this provision.

No law shall red flag [a] knife/gun user/s or owner/s and separate them from their weapon/s, unless under by a successful criminal conviction handed down through a fair trial by the unanimous agreement of a jury of twelve, consistent with due process of law under the law of the land, and only while serving a sentence, to be immediately restored upon the expiration or suspension of such sentence.

The Castle Doctrine and defense of a person’s lands, is a legal doctrine of ancient origins that designates a Person’s abode, or any legally occupied place such as a vehicle/craft or home, and the property they own or lawfully control, regardless of whether it is where the abode is parked or placed, is a place in which that Person has protections and immunities permitting one, in certain circumstances as laid forth by law, to use force [including deadly force] to defend oneself or one’s property against an intruder, free from legal prosecution for the consequences of the force used; Persons residing in or visiting this Commonwealth have a right to expect to remain unmolested on or within their land, homes, or vehicles/crafts. No Person should be required to surrender their personal safety to a Criminal, nor should a person be required to needlessly retreat in the face of intrusion or attack outside the Person’s Dwelling or Vehicle/Craft, nor their business/es.

Property owners have the right to kill intruders and thieves; They retain the Right to defend lands as well as home/s and vehicle/s, in addition to other modalities of Property or Self/Personhood; Any ingress of persons to private property in violation of tenets found withing Mens Inquisitio, and upon any lands thereto, regardless of its/their value or status of claimancy [except for un-titled mining claims, homesteads, and lawful squatting of abandoned lands and structures], for/of which ingresses beyond the boundaries of any privately held or controlled property [aside from Public rights of way lawfully accessible through them in conformity to Public access laws and regulations], is an act of aggression, regardless of their awareness to such act, may be met with maximal force with no justifications needed beyond that of an actual aggression against the natural rights of another;

No property owner or any other person shall be held liable for any damages or injuries to their or another’s attacker/s, attacker/[s]’s property, or attacker/[s]’s other rights, including up to causing death to their attacker, of which such damage or injury [or death] arises or occurs in or during the defense of the victim/[s]’s property, person/s, or any other right/s, or of which arises following an offense against them, their property, or their rights, including as may occur while the attacker is fleeing, and such damages do not stem from overt cruelty (such as torture).

The right of the People to repel invasion of, or attack on, their property, shall freely enable the owners or right holders of real estate to freely and openly erect and set [incapacitating, wounding, or death] trip/trigger-wires or trip/trigger-buttons or other any other trip/trigger-sensor, snares or entanglements, traps, and/or sentries on their land’s and structure’s premises, which shall include but not be limited to pungee strips, plains, and pits, mines, explosive devices and explosive rigged objects [with or without shrapnel] whether improvised or not, electrified barriers or other electroshock devices, cutting-laser walls, concussive fields, weapon stations or deployments [whether or not they are] [remote-control or autonomous] [object-recognizing and/or object-tracking], turrets [whether or not they are] [remote-control or autonomous] [object-recognizing and/or object-tracking], roving and aerial and space-capable weaponized vehicles/craft [whether or not they are] [remote-control or autonomous] [object-recognizing and/or object-tracking], and any others, and the right to construct or enhance their vehicle/s or craft/s with such affixments or modifications, so long as they are justible deterrents or weapons, and as well as that all reasonable steps are taken to prevent the accidental injury or slaughter of a/n Authorized Individual/s or of a/n innocent bystander/s. The property owner shall be civilly and criminally liable for any accidental or deliberate injury or slaughter of an Authorized Individual/s or Innocent Bystander/s, or damage to their property, or other rights, through fault of their own including through failure of the device/instrument or other personal modality, as may be proscribed by the Jurisdiction’s laws in which the trap or sentry injury or slaughter took place.

The right of adults to consent and engage in mutual combat shall not be denied. The People shall be free to operate dueling arenas, intended to protect innocent bystanders from harm.

Every Person shall have respected by law the right to learn weapons, incendiaries and explosives, as well as ammunitions and munitions safety along with manufacture in addition to protecting themselves or their family, and every Citizen shall be endowed with universal Privilege to have defense training provided freely by Pacifica’s Armed Forces (being both the Military and/or Militia of Pacifica and the independent Several States). Military manuals and martial-art guides shall be provided publicly, either at the cost of production and distribution, or for the public benefit from the public funds, as the People may direct by law, through the Legislature of the appropriate Jurisdiction, as suitable.

Citizens are free to form their own Private armies and defense forces, but no Private army or defense force may be operated under the Public body for any purpose whatsoever. Private armies are at all times subject to be held accountable to civilian law.

Militia shall be maintained in a State of readiness sufficient to overcome any regular military force it might encounter. Militia may not be kept in a called up status beyond the duration of an emergency. Congress and each State shall have the power to enforce this duty by appropriate legislation. Those who may engage in militia shall have any weapons, explosives, and ammunitions in common use by regular military (Land, Naval, or Air/Space) made available to them, subject only to the directives of Local elected unit commanders during operations while called up. If Congress or any State or Local legislative body shall fail to provide for organizing, training, or equipping militia units, Persons shall not be impeded from organizing, training, and equipping themselves independently for the purpose of mutual aid and common defense.

No government member including even an undercover or special agent, officer of the law, or soldier, troop[e]/s, agents, sensors, or signalings systems, shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house or stationed upon any private land, without the consent of the Owner, neither in time of war but except as in a manner to be prescribed by law.

No Person within Pacifica shall in any case be subjected to law martial, or to any penalties or pains by virtue of that law except those employed in the army, State guard or defense force, and the militia in actual service.

Since weapons and ammunitions [and to a degree, destructive devices] rights stem out of the right to self-security [and freedom to secure others], self-defense [and freedom to defend others], [just] revolution/s, and to hunt/scavenge/mine for survival and trade or industry/commerce, the People must have the right to bear weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices that are an efficient means of self-security, self-defense, revolution, and hunting/scavenging/mining. The weapon in question must be capable of use with discretion, that is, it must be [non-exclusively] possible to use the weapon only against trespassers/thieves/aggressors or lawful prey/score/lode. If the weapon may end up inevitably injuring/maiming or killing innocent bystanders, injuring/maiming or killing the user without their fully informed consent, injuring/maiming or killing at random, produces fallout that ends up injuring/maiming or killing People more than one hour later than their use (and are hence inevitably also innocent bystanders), damages the rights of another, or some such similar flaw, then it can’t be considered a “just weapon”, because its use would inevitably violate the [mutual] non-aggression principle. For an individual armament to be an “efficient” means of self-security, self-defense, or hunting, then, it has to be controllable by [an] Individual/s; The Individual/user[s] must have the capability to specify targets. People have the right to Own and/or Possess/Keep, Carry, Transfer and/or Give/Receive, Transport and/or Import/Export, Design/Engineer/Seed and/or Copy/”Clone” and/or Remix/Edit, Create/Manufacture and/or Alter/Modify, Maintain/Service, Buy and/or Sell, and Use and/or Bear whatever defensive tools, weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices they can obtain and use, provided that those weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices are of the sort which can be used [non-exclusively] without aggressing against innocents though it remains hypothetically possible in a situation to harm an innocent person or damage property f intended, merely that it IS POSSIBLE for the average person with no criminal intent to not harm innocents or create damage [as is intended].

Given that the use of Radiological, Nuclear, Biological, or Chemical weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices would inevitably violate the [mutual] non-aggression principle, the construction, possession, or use of them by the People or their government, is hereby prohibited. This extends to creating function enhancement/s or other gain/s of function/s. This prohibition does not extend to non-“irradiating” and non-“nuclear” molecular, atomic, or sub-atomic particle beam (which shall be extended to include beta-electron and ultraviolet photon, even though they are ionizing), as well as towards [other] [non-ionizing] electric, magnetic, electromagnetic/photonic, or gravitic weapons, ammunitions, and destructive devices.

Congress shall have power, on territory under its exclusive jurisdiction, and State legislatures, on territory under their exclusive jurisdiction, to forbid unsupervised possession of ammunitions, destructive devices, or weapons, of mass destruction, for that each individual discharge of which can produce the death or injury of more than one-thousand Individuals over a space of one-thousand square meters and over the time of one hour.

Any person who knowingly causes a nuclear weapon test explosion, or any other nuclear explosion which produces measurable fallout lasting for more than one hour later is guilty of a Felony and liable on conviction upon indictment to imprisonment for life.

If the government has radiological, nuclear, chemical, biological, or massively destructive;-weapons, destructive devices, or ammunitions;-the government shall reduce their radiological, nuclear, chemical, biological, or mass destruction weapon arsenal by fifty percent or more every year, and attempt through sincere diplomacy to have other countries to do the same.

Upon the ratification of this Constitution, those who are, or were previously charged or sentenced under Pacifican statutes or rulings in conflict with and contrary to this section shall be immediately released from imprisonment, automatically granted immediate pardon and expungement for the false crimes for which they were convicted of, PLUS receive full pardon and reprieve from the Gubernor in the State or the President of Pacifica relevant to the Jurisdiction in which such offense was accused, as well as be restituted for the entire duration of time in which they were imprisoned, detained, or incarcerated;-And all Statutes and Instructions to the Jury, and any judicial ruling contrary to it shall immediately become invalid on their face, and be null and void, with no more effect.

SECTION. 20.5.

Arms and psychoactive substances may be restricted inside of penological and mental health institutions such as Jails, Prisons, and Secure Psychiatric Facilities, except by those who apply for a restricted-carry permit, thereby waiving such prohibition, which will require they score 9/10 ratio of no more than 20 questions about self-defense and laws surrounding rightful discharge of the arm, and be trained to arms for defensive combat by the Pacifican Armed Forces, so far as the defensive tool or weapon remains concealed except as needed to execute security or defensive duties; and Psychoactive substances may be carried into such institutions, so long as the possessor has a valid prescription or doctors recommendation for the substance, for their peaceable journey; The previous notwithstanding, to the prior right being due protection in accordance with keeping/bringing Arms and Psychoactive Substances may be into courtrooms, as long as they are possessed concealed and not used for smuggling purposes, without ever a need for such priorly stated restricted-carry permit. Security screenings, except for secure facilities, in general, require a warrant issued under probable cause supported by evidence in accordance to this and their constitution, in order for them to be lawfully executed as constrained by this and their constitution, and all such screenings must be performed by members of law enforcement within competent Jurisdiction in a manner remaining at all times in accordance to this and their constitution.

SECTION. 21.

In this Constitution all rights are immunities against the action of government officials, not entitlements to receive some service or benefit. Every immunity is a restriction on delegated powers, and every delegated power is a restriction on immunities. Delegated powers and immunities partition the space of public action. The exercise of a right is not subject to regulation, except to allocate use of a scarce resource, unless there is an explicit exception to the contrary, in this Constitution.

If there is any significant doubt concerning whether an official has a power, or a Person has an immunity from the exercise of a power, the presumption shall be that the official does not have the power, or conversely, that the Person indeed has the immunity.

All Persons have the right to a presumption of non-authority. Any Person may file, without prior consent of any court, as demandant, in the name of the People, in a court of competent jurisdiction, a writ of quo warranto, habeas corpus, prohibito, mandamus, procedendo, certiorari, scire facias, or other prerogative writ, including a demurral, and upon service of notice to the respondent, the respondent shall have three days, and not more than twenty days with cause, to prove their authority to do or not do what the writ demands. The writ filed shall be the summons, with no further action needed by the court, which shall not treat the writ as a petition or motion for injunctive relief. The burden of proof shall rest solely on the respondent. The court shall hold a hearing within five days of receipt of the response from the respondent, and ahead of any other business before the court except another prerogative writ. Either the demandant or the respondent have the right to trial by a jury of at least twelve, with twelve required to sustain the claim of authority of the respondent. On a writ of habeas corpus the respondent must produce the Individual held regardless of the legal or factual issues, and failure to do so, unless the medical condition of the subject requires otherwise, shall result in immediate release. The order granting the relief demanded shall issue by default if a hearing is not held or a decision not made. Only the Supreme Court of Pacifica shall have jurisdiction to decide a writ of quo warranto, upon impeachment, to remove from office for perjury of oath, fraud, or ineligibility, or restrict the exercise of power, of the President or Vice-president, a member of Congress, or a Federal judge of Pacifica, but any Pacifica court of general jurisdiction shall have jurisdiction for lesser officials, subject to appeal to higher courts, and the President and Vice-President have the right to a verdict by a jury composed of two adult citizens selected at random from each State.

ARTICLE XIV

SECTION. 0.

Congress and the States shall pass no law infringing upon any of the Natural Rights or Civil/Constitutional, Common Law, nor denying any part of procedure of Natural Justice; Contract rights may only be limited in accordance with the Principles of Roman Civil and the Common Law, and additionally as directed or permitted elsewise by this Constitution. The Congress and States may confer rights protected by law through legislative action.

Congress shall not pass any law to which a three-fifths [or greater] majority of the Electorate deems by referendum to be arbitrary, capricious, or un-reasonable.

Any part of the government of Pacifica, including that of the several States, shall be prohibited from implementing, querying, or otherwise engaging with any type of social credit system, from whatever source, whether it is through manual or automated means.

SECTION. 1.

No governmental or corporate power shall exceed the equal or greater power/s of the People, (whom are the origen and locus of power) whether as individuals or in aggregate, and no collective power shall exceed the equal powers of individuals. In honest admission, the Taxation Powers as are presently espoused by this Constitution are not strictly justified by Just Naturalism, but merely utilitarian and pragmatic in their approach to attaining maximal prosperity of Persons as Individuals, and protecting their natural capacity for generating property and wealth, as well as other productive means of self-expression and actualization, in addition to maintaining their good way of life.

No power applicable to an object, or any necessary and proper power derived from it, shall be extended to other objects with which it may be aggregated or causally connected, except to separate the applicable objects from the others.

SECTION. 2.

No government issued or required papers/articles, documents/files of identification, nor money, legal tender, or currency, may consist of or resemble RFID [an] tag/s, piercing/s, jewelr[y]/ies or collar/s, tattoo/s, stamp/s, implant/s, or other bodily modification/s, nor article of clothing or bodily accessory including but not limited to a patch or [appendage]-band; No government issued or required papers/articles, documents/files of identification, nor money, legal tender, or currency, may contain or resemble a microchip or smart device, WBAN, nor other identification signature technology other than a bar-code and/or QR-code and/or magnetic data strip, or electronic equivalent; No government issued government issued or required papers/articles, documents/files of identification, nor money, legal tender, or currency, may or shall consist of, require, or resemble background or security questions or multiple-factor/alternate-party authentication, e-pattern/e-trail/digital-fingerprint, digital-address or social-media alias/handle, planetary/stellar/galactic/universal/parallel_timeline/multiversal/omniversal positioning system coordinate of a Person, satellite coordinate, coordinates of vehicle/craft, nor shall it require any qualification of intelligence, education, or employment, neither those of bio-metrics, sampling, or sequencing of bodily and/or genetic material, nor medical history or listing of condition or immunity, or the lack thereof. All identifying “ID numbers/serials” shall not consist of words, even those which are randomly selected, no matter how low the bit entropy. Electronic Identification/s may not contain any additional attributes or capabilities beyond those equivalent to functions available in otherwise physical forms of Identification/, although such digital IDs may use secure networking and/or QR streams to enable handshaking and owner/user/citizen authorized. Identification/s may not be used for forms of tracking or surveillance.

No Private Individual shall be required to carry identification information or medical and psychological documentation about themself, for any reason, while in the ordinary just course of their lives [through their own inclination or pleasure], neither may they be demanded to provide their identity, except as is prescribed by this Constitution, as well as that of their State in conformity to this Constitution, or as may be prescribed by law underneath them.

No Individual shall be required to register or share information about their whereabouts, be it permanent or temporary, assets, be it tangible or intangible, or signed contracts, be it employment, commercial, or otherwise, unless pursuant to a Warrant; nor shall any Person be required to register or share information about any personal attributes such as medical conditions, bio-metrics, sampling or sequencing of genetic material, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political affiliation, or others, unless pursuant to a Warrant.

[]
The government at every level shall not require, create, collect, or use persistent hardware or software identifiers to fingerprint, track, correlate, or deanonymize persons, devices, or their communications; any network or device identifier used by government for essential technical functions, such as routing or defining, addressing or path-based location plus metadata-based lookup, or local network or storage management, must be temporary, changeable, minimized, and used only for that narrow technical purpose, never for surveillance, profiling, or identity linkage, and no warrant, emergency power, or other government authority shall permit the state to turn such identifiers into tools of tracking or compulsory identification.
[]

No law shall abridge the right of each Person to do as they choose with their own Person and property, so long as they do not interfere, by force, theft, or fraud, or the threat thereof, with the equal right of others to do as they choose with their own Person and property; A Person’s right to live their life the way that they choose to do so goes so far as to not impede another Individual’s right to do the same.

No law shall create victimless or consensual crimes; Every crime needs a victim, to meet the scrutiny of the law securing justice. If there is no injured party, or substantiated risk of harm to individuals, there is no crime. Therefore, for there to be due process in a case, there must be an injured party, or a true risk to injury, otherwise the authority of the court is a fasad. For a crime to exist, there must be an injured party (Corpus Delicti). There can be no sanction or penalty imposed on one because of this Natural Justicial right, without there being a victim whom is suffering or has suffered from deprivation of any of their rights. For there to be a victim, there must be a violation of rights of a Person or Persons, initiated by, or performed on the behalf of, the offender, or in the case of misconduct by government, this may be society at large, or, simply said, the People. If there is no injured party, or substantiated risk of harm to individuals, there is no crime; If there is no substantiated damage sustained as the result of an alleged ‘criminal offense’, there is no harm or injury which may be pursued by the court. With no injured party, a complaint is invalid on its face, and the government in general cannot be considered an injured party by the actions of another unless it directly impairs governmental function as prescribed by this Constitution and the laws made in accordance therewith, or performs an act of [un-just] force, [actual] theft, [real] fraud, or the threat/s thereof directly (but not speculatively or philosophically) against the Government. This provision shall not nullify those laws which are established to punish misconduct of public officials, which may leave no individual person as a victim, but rather subjects society as a whole to be the injured party. In every prosecution for crime it is necessary to establish the ‘corpus delecti’, i.e., the body or elements of the crime. Without Corpus delicti there can be no crime. In every criminal trial, the prosecution must prove the corpus delecti, or the body of the crime itself (i.e., the fact of injury, loss or harm, and the existence of a criminal agency as its cause). Accusers and witnesses have a duty to prove the damages against them or their property, or that of another. In order to prosecute someone for a crime, any entity has the burden of proof to show that someone aside from a consenting adult class Person, such as a Minor, an Animal’s rights, or the Environment/Nature, was harmed by their activity. Otherwise, to uphold justice, the charges must be dropped.

No law shall remove criminal nor civil liability from members of the Public Body which would not equally belong to the whole of ‘the People’ [at large]. The statute of liability shall be unlimited in cases where members of government violate the People.

Each Individual is the exclusive proprietor of his or her own existence and all products thereof, holding no obligations except those created by consent, except to obey the Laws of Pacifica and of their State.

No law shall exist within Pacifica or any other location under its Jurisdiction, except those which protect and/or promote the rights of the Individual, Animals, and Nature/Environment

No Law shall require a person to undergo medical or psychological examination, preventative measure, treatment, or procedure, and no person shall be subject to the same without their explicit non-coerced non-compulsed informed and voluntary consent, absent exigent circumstances, as is detailed through this Constitution.

No Voice stress analysis and polygraph testing shall be allowed by law as an instrument in investigations, interrogation, or in the hiring or firing of employees; This provision relates to the right to not self incriminate, or right to ‘not be forced to be hooked up to bio-receptive systems’. No law may allow behavioural analysis practices by the Government or contracted with or through them.

No governmental body within Pacifica shall have the authority to issue, enforce, or mandate any law, order, directive, or regulation that requires individuals to remain in their homes or otherwise restricts their freedom of movement, travel, or assembly, except as part of a lawful quarantine order applied only to specific individuals who are proven to pose a direct and immediate threat to public health. Generalized or population-wide stay-at-home orders, lockdowns, or shelter-in-place mandates are expressly prohibited, regardless of emergency, public health, or safety justification. Nothing in this provision shall prevent voluntary recommendations or the lawful quarantine of specific individuals based on clear and convincing evidence of dangerous infection or contagion, provided due process is afforded.

SECTION. 3.

No tax shall be levied on any printed materials, radio, television, the Internet, or any other medium of exchange of information. Nothing in this provision shall disable the power of the Congress to lease access to the [Public] inter-state networks to commercial entities for the conduction of regular business activities (not those activities which are leasing or selling access or services based on core dependency to the public network).

No law shall regulate any printed materials, radio, television, the Internet, or any other medium of exchange of information, other than for what is set forth specifically, in this Constitution; No law shall regulate the rules concerning uploading, transmitting, displaying, accessing, or publishing such information, other than for what is set forth specifically, in this Constitution; nor shall any law introduce licensing or registration to infringe upon these rights in Private persons, other than for what is set forth specifically, in this Constitution; Nothing in this provision shall prevent the Congress from protecting the interests of Minors or those lacking mental capacity; publishing or sharing information classified as State secret or related to the work of Agents of Law Enforcement operating undercover pursuant to a Warrant shall be subject to control as described in this Constitution; Nothing in this provision shall disable the power of the Public Administration and its agencies to regulate their own internal [Public] networks, and their effects, as they see necessary for their proper operation and effectual safeguarding/security, as long as it does not prevent or restrict the regular use of internet by those accessing it on connected/enabled Public networks, so long as that they are lawfully entitled to access those Public networks, and they are using them for lawful purposes.

The existence and use of an “Internet kill switch”, with control over Private network connections, by the government, is strictly prohibited. This shall not preclude the ability of the government to sever connections for its own [internal] network systems so long as it is for equitable purposes.

No person shall be compelled to possess, use, or interact with any digital or networked device or service against their will.

SECTION. 4.

No law shall impose any obligations as to pursuing or obtaining any stage of education by any Individual other than for Agents and appointed Members of the Public Administration; all Agents and appointed Members of the Public Administration shall be employed and/or appointed solely on the basis of their merit and successful completion of appropriate examination; no Member of the Public Administration shall employ, appoint, or enable employment or appointment of any Agent or Member who has not passed relevant tests.

No law shall regulate the content of any curriculum used by any private school or university at any stage of education.

No powers shall be granted within Congress or the several States that may authorize any institution or operation of which shall attempt to use the powers, resources, or money provided to them to produce or disseminate propaganda, nor shall they transmit or in any other way distribute propaganda to any Person within its borders or abroad.

SECTION. 5.

The services of the members of the public administration shall be compensated by a fixed salary no greater than one-and-one-third times the mean income in Pacifica. No member of the Public administration may receive tenure nor pensions. They shall be required to declare any other compensation and the public shall be privileged to access information relating to their banking, finances, or wealth.

No law, varying the compensation for the services of the Senators and Representatives, shall take effect, until an election of Representatives shall have intervened.

No person elected, appointed, or employed by the Pacifican government, or by any State or subdivision thereof, shall use, possess, trade upon, or otherwise profit from material, nonpublic information obtained by virtue of their public office or [public] employment. No such person shall buy, sell, or trade securities, commodities, real property, or other financial instruments using knowledge gained in the course of official duties, or by access granted solely through public office or [public] employment. All members of Congress, the Executive Branch, the Judiciary, and all officers and employees of Federal and State agencies shall place any financial holdings in a qualified blind trust, administered independently and without communication to the beneficiary, for the duration of government service. Any violation of this Provision shall be treated as a breach of the public trust and shall constitute grounds for immediate removal from office or employment, permanent disqualification from federal office, and criminal liability under law. No claim of legislative immunity or privilege shall serve as a defense. Congress and the States shall have concurrent power to enforce this Article by appropriate legislation, but no law shall diminish or delay the restrictions herein

SECTION. 6.

No law shall oblige any Person to pay palimony or alimony, nor dowry or other form of bridewealth.

No law shall oblige any Person to acquire any form of insurance or pension scheme, nor shall it provide any financial incentive in that respect.

SECTION. 7.

The monetary and financial system of the Commonwealth of Pacifica shall exist solely to serve the public good and the equitable development of the commonwealth, with the creation and issuance of money reserved as a sovereign function of the people exercised through transparent, democratically accountable institutions, ensuring that no private entity possesses the authority to create money, credit, or debt instruments functioning as legal tender without direct public authorization and oversight; thus, the practice of fractional‑reserve banking, which enables the issuance of credit beyond actual reserves or deposits held, is hereby prohibited within Pacifica, requiring that all financial institutions maintain one‑to‑one reserves for depositor funds or operate under cooperatively agreed lending models transparently backed by tangible assets, so that the savings of the citizenry shall remain their inviolable property and may not be lent, invested, or speculated upon without explicit and informed consent, nor shall inflationary practices or monetary policies that silently erode the real value of savings without legislative sanction and public approval be permitted, as such mechanisms constitute indirect taxation in violation of natural liberty and democratic consent. The Commonwealth shall instead promote the development of cooperative, mutual, and community banks whose operations prioritize the financing of local enterprise, sustainable production, and public works consistent with limitarian-distributist [moral] economics, requiring all such institutions to reinvest a substantial share of their revenues into local economies and to disclose the sources and uses of their profits in the public record. The charging of interest or fees exceeding a just and proportionate measure of service, risk, and inflation shall be defined as usury and prohibited, while equitable debt restructuring and relief mechanisms shall be established to prevent perpetual debt bondage and to secure the material basis of individual self‑determination. All institutions engaged in financial activity under the authority of Pacifica shall be fully transparent and publicly auditable, with ownership structures, lending practices, and political contributions disclosed, and any public official or agent of fiscal governance found to accept material benefit or employment from regulated banking interests shall be subject to immediate removal from office and criminal prosecution for economic-related corruption. The Commonwealth shall direct the lawful conversion of existing private banking corporations into publicly accountable credit institutions or community‑owned cooperatives, thereby ensuring restitution and redress for wealth extracted through predatory lending, monetary manipulation, or speculative fraud, while establishing constitutional remedies for communities demonstrably harmed by systemic financial exploitation through the authority of the Supreme Court of Pacifica. Each person within Pacifica is recognized to possess an inherent and inalienable right to economic self‑determination, freedom from involuntary debt servitude, inflationary confiscation, and exploitative financial manipulation, and the protection of this right shall be regarded as essential to liberty, justice, and the republican equality upon which the political and economic integrity of the Commonwealth stands.

The ancient evil of usury shall be prohibited throughout the Commonwealth of Pacifica. Usury shall be defined as the practice of imposing any charge for the use of money, whether interest, fees, or alternative payment schemes, that results in a loan carrying an effective annual interest rate demonstrably exploitative, abusive, or exceeding the level necessary for fair compensation of risk and administrative cost. To protect the public from economic subjugation through debt, Congress shall establish, maintain, and periodically revise a national usury ceiling for all forms of private lending, expressed as an annual percentage rate (APR), based on the following principles: Human Dignity and Economic Freedom; The interest rate must not undermine the equal right of all people to access credit without fear of long-term servitude, financial ruin, or debt-based coercion. Risk and Reasonability Balance; The rate must reflect a fair and legitimate compensation for the creditor’s actual risk and operational costs, as demonstrated by empirical economic evidence, not by speculative market forces alone. Indexed Base Rate; The lawful maximum APR shall be no more than a reasonable margin above a nationally recognized base index, such as the Federal Funds Rate or the median inflation-adjusted return on U.S. Treasury bonds, as determined by statute. Anti-Exploitation Clause; In no instance shall the rate be set so high that it results in practices recognized as predatory, deceptive, or structurally entrapping for the borrower. Public Review and Adjustment; The maximum lawful rate shall be reviewed at minimum every five years or upon signs of significant market distortion or increased financial distress among borrowers. Congress shall have the authority and duty to enact legislation to enforce this article, including the creation of regulatory agencies, penalties for violations, and oversight mechanisms to ensure public accountability and transparency in rate determination. Exemptions for specific types of lending may only be created through express Congressional approval subject to public interest findings. This provision is adopted in recognition of the inalienable right to economic liberty. No citizen shall be driven into permanent debt dependency, involuntary servitude through financial deception, or reduced to economic serfdom by institutions of credit.

No domestic bank or financial institution established within the territory of Pacifica or any State thereof, nor branches of foreign banks or financial institutions within the territory of Pacifica or any State thereof, may charge a fee and/or rate, for [a] Person/s, or an organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity, having free, fair, and equal access of their own personal account’s ledger quantities of legal tender, currencies, or monetary wealth that is deposited or withdrawn.

No Person shall be compelled to disclose their lawful private economic transactions, assets, or the means of their savings and barter, except by individual probable cause warrant supported by sworn evidence of specific crime. Digital or physical currency issued by the State shall never include embedded logging, surveillance ,or control mechanisms which permit the restriction of private economic activity or punishment for exercise of rights.

No financial institution, payment processor, or digital service provider shall discriminate against, deny service to, or restrict the lawful transactions of any Person based on their political speech, religious belief, association, or ideological expression, nor in any other case except where such transaction directly violates the natural or constitutional rights of another.

Private Banks and other financial institutions such as credit card and mortgage companies in addition to brokerage firms and insurance companies, shall pay a community charge upon their profits at the same percentage as the maximum APR (as is used to prevent usury) accepted by law, to be dispersed into the public healthcare made available to Pacifican citizens, and public education system, including but not limited to libraries and web resources.

SECTION. 7.5.

No government issued currency may consist of, contain, or resemble RFID tags, piercings, jewelry or collar, tattoos, stamps, or other bodily modifications [including genetic modification or any epigenetic shifting technique or supposed “therapy” or “remedy”, to keep the people “clean, purified, cleansed, and made washed”], nor article of clothing or bodily accessory including but not limited to a patch or [appendage]-band; No government issued physical currency or cryptocurrency system may consist of or contain a microchip or smart device [other than necessary for the function of a cryptocurrency hard wallet], nor contain identification signature technology other than a barcode, QR-code, encoded holographic emblem, or magnetic strip, security fibre, or an equivalent.

No domestic bank or financial institution established within the territory of Pacifica or any State thereof shall require digital address, planetary/stellar/galactic/universal/parallel_timeline/multiversal/omniversal positioning system coordinate of a Person, satellite coordinate, coordinates of vehicle/craft, nor shall any qualification of intelligence, education, or employment, neither those of bio-metrics beyond a written signature or personal mark fingerprint stamp, neither shall shall they require the sampling or sequencing of bodily and/or genetic material.

No domestic bank or financial institution established within the territory of Pacifica or any State thereof, nor the representatives of the domestic bank or financial institution, neither branches of foreign banks or financial institutions within the territory of Pacifica or any State thereof, nor the representatives of foreign banks or financial institutions in Pacifica, may reveal the identity of an account holder to another Person, including any agent of government, nor to any Institution, Organization, or branch of the Public Administration, except upon investigation for severe criminal activity, and only upon presentation of a valid warrant issued by a judge of a court with competent jurisdiction.

No branch of the Public Administration shall finance, or partially finance, any private organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity, or service contracted between any natural Persons, except as may be permitted by this Provision, through the legislature of Congress, as well as which is empowered to the Publicly-owned State banks by the State legislature through this provision; No assets shall be transferred by any branch of the Public Administration to any legal entity or natural Person, except in the case of State banks in the form of a loan, non-repayable grant, or popularly approved subsidy for open-source scientific research institutions, technology developers, and manufacturers, in addition to periodic disbursements in the case of social security and public welfare services or benefits such as Poor Relief and Emergency Basic Income, or unless as re-muneration for contracted goods or services necessary for the functioning of the Public Administration as envisaged in this Constitution, or the constitutions of the several States.

SECTION. 8.

No branch of the Public Administration shall contract with any legal entity or natural Person, State or entity for the purposes of acquiring data it itself is not entitled to acquire under this Constitution or any laws passed in accordance therewith; nor shall any branch of the Public Administration be allowed to procure any legal entity or natural Person to commit what it itself is not entitled to commit under this Constitution or any laws passed in accordance therewith.

The government is prohibited from owning stocks in any institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity which engages in a type of business as would otherwise be prohibited to it.

SECTION. 9.

No law or legal action may grant amnesty to illegal immigrants.

No branch of the Public Administration shall give any form of foreign aid to any State or entity, whether directly or via any international institution, be it a non-repayable grant, loan, or any other financial support; nothing in this provision shall prevent the Public Administration from meeting its financial liabilities flowing from the membership in any intergovernmental organization.

[]
Pacifica shall provide no military assistance, military personnel, nor subsidized weapons, munitions, neither provision of intelligence, training, transportation, financing, logistical support, military basing, security guarantees, or other defense-related aid to any foreign nation, foreign government, foreign military force, international military alliance, or external sovereign power. No office, agency, military body, public corporation, or representative of Pacifica may authorize, fund, facilitate, negotiate, or participate in any foreign war, armed intervention, occupation, forced settlement, proxy conflict, military coalition, or defense commitment on behalf of a foreign nation. The sole exception shall be voluntary defensive, humanitarian, peacekeeping, intelligence-sharing, training, logistical, or mutual-protection assistance provided to the Indigenous tribes, nations, bands, and traditional peoples of Pacifica, subject to their free, prior, and informed consent. Assistance authorized under this exception shall be strictly limited to protection of life, territory, sovereignty, treaty rights, cultural continuity, environmental security, and the collective defense of Pacifica and its Indigenous peoples. It shall not be used to initiate aggression, conquest, occupation, forced displacement, or coercive control over any people. No assistance to an Indigenous nation under this Provision may diminish its inherent sovereignty, impose military command over its people or territory, require political allegiance, or condition aid on the surrender of land, jurisdiction, treaty rights, or self-government. Any act, appropriation, treaty, agreement, order, or commitment contrary to this Provision is null and void from its inception and shall create no lawful duty, debt, obligation, or liability of or by Pacifica.
[]

SECTION. 10.

No government agency or member of the public body may be permitted to facilitate or engage in the commission of a crime, nor facilitate or operate a criminal enterprise.

Any member of the public body who has been convicted of a crime while under their term in office shall be automatically suspended without pay and un-eligible for re-hire in any part of government, until the next election; A Proxy shall take their place until a proper replacement for the public position can be made.

SECTION. 11.

No government agency, official, or contractor within Pacifica shall use, develop, procure, or deploy facial recognition, voice recognition, fingerprint, handprint, or any other biometric recognition technology for the purpose of surveillance, identification, or monitoring of the public, except solely to secure access to restricted areas of governmental facilities for authorized personnel. The use of image and audio recognition software by the government for surveillance, tracking, or identification of individuals is strictly prohibited, except as necessary for internal security of restricted government spaces and only for personnel authentication. No government entity shall create, maintain, or contribute to any bio-metric database or system, nor shall it contract with private entities to do so, for any purpose other than the limited exceptions stated above. Any evidence or information obtained in violation of this provision shall be inadmissible in any court or administrative proceeding. This provision shall be construed to uphold the rights to privacy, free expression, free assembly, and protection from mass surveillance, and may not be circumvented by emergency declaration or executive order.

No law shall prohibit video or audio recording where there is no reasonable expectation of privacy, including recording Agents or other members of the Public Administration; The people are free to record anything visible or audible from a public place, and with a single-party’s consent, from a private place, as long as they are authorized/permitted to be [rightfully] on [the] property, meaning they can lawfully record any conversation or interaction as long as they are a participant, even without the other party’s consent; The law shall protect the rights of the People surrounding Sousveillance; nothing in this provision shall be construed as to allow for general surveillance by the Public Administration. Single-party recording laws only apply to Private Persons and Businesses, and not to members of government, or government facilities/institutions. There must be the capacity to revoke consent when the government or its actors proceed to Audio, Video, or Radio record People, except vehicular and body camera footage from Law Enforcement vehicles, witnesses giving testimony in favor or against an accused party, vehicle and body camera footage taken by a third party of an accused defendant, inside of a jail/prison and its holding cells by both unit fixed as well as body mounted cameras worn by staff, or in courtroom proceedings for providing a permanent objective public record of all events taking place within [a] courtroom/s, where in all such cases, the interest of accurate public records requires that the interactions/events be objectively and completely recorded;

All Public Officials and Agents of 'the Public [thing]', when conducting public business or actions in person and interacting or engaging with members of the public in an official capacity ordering their official duties, shall wear and activate a body-worn camera that records audio and video along with GPS coordinates of such interactions for public accountability and record preservation. This requirement applies to all elected, appointed, and employed public officials and other agents acting under color of public authority or color of law, except where recording is prohibited by this Constitution or Statute made in accordance therewith, or where a narrowly tailored exemption is necessary to protect classified information, privileged communications, or clearly defined personal privacy interests. Recordings made under this Provision shall be retained according to law and made available to the general publicb(as 'the People') subject to reasonable redactions for privacy, security, and due process. The legislature of each State and of Congress shall enact laws to establish equipment standards, activation rules, retention periods, access procedures, [severe] penalties for non-compliance, and [extreme] remedies for misuse or destruction of recordings.

All Government officials must not tell any lie to anybody while they are under oath nor to the public while performing an official function of government, under maximum penalty of perjury.

All proposed and passed legislation must be non-secret as well as made public and be open for un-censored, un-redacted, full review, and re-distribution, by the People.

No classified intelligence agencies shall be operated by the government of Pacifica. Intelligence gathering shall be open-source and public domain. Data accessed, duplicated, examined, or analyzed for foreign intelligence purposes shall not be used for unrelated civil or criminal matters.

No Person shall be convicted of an illegal disclosure of classified information if that piece of information proves or could be reasonably believed to be proving that any member of any branch of the Public Administration has breached, remains in breach or intends to breach the law.

Any Person retains the Rights of whistleblowers to share information about things that endanger society, or which otherwise are in ‘the Public’s’ interest, in both Private and Public enterprise, and that of Public Departments, actions, or information, must be supported. Every whistleblower charged with espionage, or any other crime, for their act of admission to another of classified information or official misconduct, have the right to tell a jury why they did what they did, and how they believe it serves, assists, advances, or otherwise benefits the needs or will of the Public Interest of the Pacifican People. A whistleblower need not be a Public official to have legal protections under law, and all such protections shall be equal in either case.

No law shall criminalize Journalists or other Individuals learning, knowing, retaining, and sharing or disseminating classified information to themselves or the general public.

No merger between Public or Private power or other function shall be established or otherwise formed [in {every} {and} all cases] nor privatization or subcontracting of public government functions, neither shall any governmental department or power be combinated with another without the express consent of Congress, nor shall inter-departmental law enforcement co-operation exist without a specifically and narrowly tailored Warrant within a limited scope specific to an individual suspect or Criminal case, in order to preserve the separation of Powers and ensure that the Rights within this constitution and the limitations on governmental functions remain intact.

No law shall force any Person, household, or community to adopt digital-only systems for communication, commerce, voting, or governance. Access to physical, paper-based, analog means for everyday life, including cash and coin, mail and packages, print media and art, face-to-face meetings, and unconnected devices, shall remain a permanent right to guard against technocratic enslavement. This right must be enforced to the maximum degree humanly possible.

SECTION. 12.

No branch of the Public Administration shall establish any standing army; nor shall it declare war or carry out military activities other than in defense of the border or interior lands or parcels therein of Pacifica, its territories, or any of ‘the Several States’ in reaction to an act of armed aggression against Pacifica which has already taken place or is imminent; nor shall any branch of the Public Administration invite any Military source of any other Nation/State/Government or organization into the jurisdiction of Pacifica except for a reasonable number of security personnel accompanying a foreign visit.

SECTION. 13.

The laws extending to the classification, treatment, and legal endowment of sovereign foreign Citizens shall apply in the discovery of an extra-terrestrial alien race or other sentient form of intelligence from whom the disposition is considered to be Sapient.

No Person, machine, or vehicle/craft may interfere with the normal development of any alien life or society, before they become part of an interstellar community with other intelligent life-forms from other planetary organismic lineage/s; however, this provision shall not prevent free intercourse and fair trade with a sufficiently advanced civilization capable of establishing and maintaining inter-spacial or inter-organive relations and cohesion, nor shall anything within this Constitution authorize Pacifica to intervene in matters that are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any planetary social system or require the members to submit such matters to settlement under this Constitution. In circumstances where a verified mass extinction event threatens the continued existence of sentient or ecologically critical life on a planetary body, Pacifica may authorize intervention strictly limited to the preservation or restoration of such life or environment, subject to oversight and post-action review under interstellar law. Any unauthorized interference shall remain a felony punishable by life imprisonment without the possibility of parole, and nothing in this principle shall prejudice the application of enforcement measures under this Constitution.

SECTION. 14.

No gravitoelectromagnetic drive nor “warp” drive or wormhole device for transportation of people as well as material or energetic supplies and vehicles/crafts, neither string theorem machine capable of manipulating, transceiving, or traversing dimensional distributions, nor cross-timeline or multi-verse browsing device, neither Lentz soliton n-Dimensional phased-arrays, nor resonant-space teleporter [cavity-confiner/expander], shall ever be owned by or operated by any governmental agency or office, [acting] member of the public body, or government hired contractor of Pacifica, at any place, or upon any Person, place, or thing, regardless of its purposes in peace or war, or for law enforcement, transit, or communication. The right to operate equipment including but not limited to gravitoelectromagnetic and “warp” drives, Lentz soliton n-Dimensional phased-arrays, resonant-space teleporter [cavity-confiner/expander], wormhole devices, string theorem machines, and cross-timeline or multi-verse browsers, is insured to the People [as Private Persons].

No Person, machine, or vehicle/craft in any temporal displacements and voyages through time, shall interfere with the natural progression of historical or past-like events/positions, nor may they reveal knowledge of future developments, so as to preserve the integrity of the established timeline and its super-similars/parallels; provided, however, that in the event of an imminent mass extinction event threatening a significant portion of sentient life, intervention shall be authorized solely to avert such catastrophe. No temporal conservation/integrity agency with temporal interposition or timeline-[2]/[4]nD{+}-brane-navigation capacity shall ever be erected through any legislation, or by a member of the public body or under any office held, nor shall they possess cross-timeline jurisdiction. All charges for violations of historical or past-like timeline preservation shall be high felonies punishable only in timeline of the Pacifican Federal or State governments having jurisdiction for Origin to the perpetrator of the crime, or of one fleeing such a crime into Pacifica, it States, or Territories, by life in prison without the possibility of parole; And, that nothing in this principle shall prejudice the application of enforcement measures within this timeline at the point where/which the time-modification took place.

No cross-timeline or other inter-dimensional co-operative or temporal agency alliance/connection shall ever be established by Pacifica, nor assented or otherwise entered into compact by the Pacifica, and Pacificans reserve the eternal right to exit any temporal or inter-dimensional 'bind'/connection/interlinking/confinement or other equivocal imprisonment or trajectory steering.

SECTION. 15.

The government shall only possess reasonable and just as well as specific limited powers, and not merely implement any and all ideas related to the exercise of a delegated power, without elaborating and engaging in representative discourse, as well as impugning based on their (the idea's) absurdity in relation to the specific issue being addressed.

Government shall exercise no power within the territory of Pacifica, based solely on a treaty without requiring legislative conferral, not otherwise delegated to it by this Constitution, other than powers to administer trust territories or protectorates.

SECTION. 16.

No member of the public body or aggregation of such members endowed with the power of appointment may assign a member (appointee) to a position of greater power or authority than the installing member or commissioning group of members (appointer).

No position in the government shall be without reasonable term durations and term limits, which shall be prescribed by law.

No person shall be eligible to serve in any capacity as an officer, employee, or agent of the Pacifica, or of any State or political subdivision thereof, except as an advisor, if such person has attained the age of eighty-five years. Congress and the States shall have no power to waive, alter, or suspend the Clauses of this Provision. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to abridge the rights of any person to participate in private employment or enterprise, nor to restrict any other rights secured by this Constitution.

All legislation from the Federal, Territorial, State, or Local governments must have an expiration date; The longest time that legislation may stay enacted is twelve years (12 annum), though shorter terms may be prescribed through each individual piece of legislation, and all legislation must be re-passed by the legislature after this period, otherwise it shall end until it is lawfully re-enacted.

No emergency power may be exercised by any level of government without a clearly stipulated and rigid limitation on the term of time in for which the power may be duly exercised.

SECTION. 17.

No regulation, ordinance, or other rule issued as anything but an act of Congress or State legislature shall have the force of law on the People, but may be applied only to government agents or other members.

Congress or a state legislature shall not enact legislation with criminal penalties without support by a vote of four-fifths of the members, not just of the members present and voting.

No law shall be passed applicable to a Citizen of Pacifica that is not equally applicable to the government and its employees, or, jurors in tribunal.

No function of government shall be automated without oversight and audit, nor shall any law be proposed that has been written fully or in part by artificial intelligence without first being audited by the individual who proposes such legislation, and all members of the public body shall be sworn to act without autonomy and not under the direction of automation or artificial intelligence. For the purposes of this public charter, cybernetic governance shall be defined to mean governance which uses feedback loops voluntarily provided by and from the People in order to correct their representatives and participate in government functions as enshrined by this Constitution; People have the right to be free from coercion into participating with cybernetic governance systems to whatever degree they desire personally or collectively.

SECTION. 18.

No member of government, whether elected or appointed, shall use their official authority, position, or resources to influence, interfere with, or affect the outcome of any partisan political campaign, election, or activity. It shall be a crime for any government official or employee to engage in partisan political activity while on duty, in any government facility, or while using government property or resources. No government official shall solicit, accept, or receive political contributions, or coerce or encourage any person to participate in partisan political activities, by virtue of their official position. Violations of this provision shall be subject to criminal penalties, including removal from office, disqualification from future government service, and any other penalties prescribed by law. Nothing in this provision shall be construed to prohibit government officials from exercising their individual rights to free speech or political participation in a personal capacity, provided such activity does not use official authority or resources.

No member of government, nor any public agency, may own, fund, or influence any news or information outlet, save for a transparent public information service accountable to an Independent Media Council elected by journalists and citizens, except when doing so in their own private capacity with their own money for that which they lawfully control in such capacity.

No person holding any government office shall use, or attempt to use, their official position, authority, or resources for personal or financial benefit. Any such act shall constitute a misdemeanor offense, subject to criminal prosecution. Upon conviction, the offender shall be subject to immediate impeachment, removal from office, and disqualification from holding any future government office. This provision shall not be construed to prohibit the receipt of lawful compensation for official duties as established by law, nor to restrict the exercise of rights held in common by all citizens.

It shall be a criminal offense for any public official, whether elected, appointed, or employed in any capacity, to use, leverage, or exploit their position of power or authority to directly or indirectly enrich themselves, their family, their friends, or the families and associates of their friends. For the purposes of this Amendment, “enrich” includes but is not limited to: Financial gain, gifts, contracts, employment, or favorable treatment; Preferential access to information, resources, or government programs; Any act or omission that results in a benefit not equally available to the general public. Any citizen shall have standing to initiate a complaint or criminal action against a public official suspected of violating this Amendment. All such cases shall be tried before a jury of the People, who shall have the right to exercise jury nullification if they deem prosecution unjust or politically motivated. All investigations, proceedings, and evidence relating to such alleged self-enrichment shall be fully transparent and open to public scrutiny. No immunity, secrecy, or privilege shall shield officials from accountability for violations of this provision. Conviction under this provision shall result in immediate removal from office, full restitution of any ill-gotten gains to the public treasury, and criminal penalties as prescribed by law. Repeat offenders and conspirators shall face enhanced penalties. No law, regulation, or executive order shall create exceptions, waivers, or immunities for violations of this Amendment. Any attempt to do so shall be null and void. This provision shall be interpreted in the broadest manner possible to prevent corruption, cronyism, and abuse of power, reaffirming that all government exists solely to serve the People and to protect their natural, civil, and constitutional rights-not to benefit the ruling class or their associates.

No member of government, whether elected, appointed, or employed in any capacity, shall exercise any power, authority, or official discretion in a manner that creates, furthers, or perpetuates a conflict of interest, whether direct or indirect. No law, regulation, executive order, contract, appropriation, or governmental act shall be enacted, issued, or enforced that confers any special benefit, privilege, or exemption upon any member of government, their family, associates, or affiliated entities, unless such benefit is equally available to and for the general welfare of the People as a whole. Any government official found to have participated in, authorized, or knowingly benefited from a conflict of interest shall be subject to immediate removal from office, full restitution to the public treasury, and prosecution under the law. All proceedings, investigations, and records relating to conflicts of interest shall be fully transparent and accessible to the People. Any citizen shall have standing to challenge, in a court of law, any government action alleged to violate this Amendment. The judiciary shall give such cases priority and shall have the power to issue immediate injunctive relief to halt any action found to be in violation. No branch, office, or agent of government shall have the authority to waive, suspend, or delegate the requirements of this provision under any circumstance. Any attempt to do so shall be null and void. This provision shall be construed liberally in favor of liberty, transparency, and the absolute prohibition of self-dealing and corruption in government. Any ambiguity shall be resolved to maximize the protection of the People’s rights and the integrity of public service.

SECTION. 19.

No branch or authority of the government of Pacifica may shutdown the government, except for that power of 'the People' during times of governmental insubordination.

ARTICLE XV

Section. 1.

Immunities of 'the People' provided under this Constitution include but are not limited to:

Not to be denied Public judicial process.

Not to be violated in the protections for which the separation of powers and Co equal branches of government were established, nor to be impeded to fair access of the Public system. For in that, all members of the Public body shall also be held accountable and not be empowered to displace their duties or responsibilities to another individual or department, branch, et cetera.

Not to be denied due notice of time, place, manner, parties, and subject of any proceeding with sufficient time to respond.

Not to be denied fair hearing and decision on the legal merits, with timely and effective redress for [justicible] grievances, including damages, property, or, injunctive or declaratory relief.

Not to have just remedies made inaccessible or excessively difficult or costly.

Not to be Tried or Convicted “En Absentia” nor in a Secret or Hidden legal proceeding for Civil or Criminal liability.

Not to be denied mandated testimony of accusors and witnesses.

Not to be denied unimpeded access to courts, court filing, and inquestries, subject only to routine scheduling.

Not to be subject to administrative rule, order, or other manner of false legislative or supreme dictarial executor power, nor may the legislature confer such similar powers or capacities to another entity or branch of government, neither department, agency, or other governmental compartment.

Not to be denied direct presentation of complaints to an inquestry without the presence of any other government actor except with the consent of the inquestry.

Not to be denied standing to privately prosecute a public right without having been injured or expecting personal injury.

Not to be subject to retaliation.

Not to have admitted any plea or testimony induced by a plea agreement.

Not to have any real property or chattel taken or forfeited without civil or criminal judgment in a trial, with possession presumed to establish title unless proved otherwise.

Not to have the exercise of any immunity taxed, disabled, or restricted by statute or other rule except to allocate a scarce resource among competing claimants, unless one is a minor, which by default shall be any Individual under the age of eighteen unless the disabilities of minority are extended or reduced by court order.

Not to have the exercise of any right, privilege, or immunity disabled or restricted without a court order following a jury trial.

Not to be denied indictment by twelve members of a randomly selected inquestry of twenty-four who elect their foreperson, upon a finding that the court has jurisdiction and that there is sufficient evidence for a trial, except for Persons subject to armed forces (military or militia) discipline, or foreign praedones.

Not to be denied service as prosecutor upon receipt of an indictment by an inquestry, subject only to consolidation by the inquestry if more than one Person seeks to prosecute the same offense.

Not to be denied trial by a randomly selected jury of twelve sworn to uphold applicable Constitutions in criminal cases for which the penalty is more than seven days.

Not to have imposed excessive bail when there is little flight risk, nor withheld from pre-trial release, unless there is a demonstrable danger to their victim or the general Public; In the case of indigence or inability to raise bail, release under Personal recognizance should be offered in lieu of bail, where reasonable.

Not to have imposed excessive fines upon oneself or others.

Not to have excessive bail, nor excessive fines imposed, nor excessive terms of incarceration, nor any other excessive form of criminal punishment, nor torturous, cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, or unusual treatments or punishments inflicted.

Not to be denied speedy and public case and fair trial before an impartial jury of the State and district previously defined by law, wherein the offense shall have been committed, and to have the location of commitment be deemed where there was concurrence of mens rea and actus reus.

Not to be twice prosecuted for the same offense or same facts under the same or different jurisdictions.

To be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the accusors and witnesses against theirself; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in their favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for their defense, but not to have counsel or an attorney imposed on him without their consent.

Not to be compelled to be a witness against himself or herself.

Not to be disabled in the exercise, or deprived, of Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [and freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, or the pursuit of Happiness, without first being irrefragably proven through supplementation of irrefutable evidence to have denied or intended to deprive the equal right/s of another Person or other Persons, and only through due process of law, by unanimous verdict of a jury of twelve.

Not to be impeded in the presentation of all evidence by the defendant, without being subject to a motion in limine.

Not to be impeded in the presentation of all legal arguments to the jury, up to the final instructions to the jury, except for argument on a motion in limine that cannot be made without disclosing evidence properly excluded.

Not to be impeded in the presentation of all pleadings, alternative instructions, and certified copies of applicable laws and Constitutions, to the jury.

Not to have a sentence that does not separately disable the exercise of the immunity, and order deprivation of it, within the scope of that disablement.

Not to be deprived from the right of trial by a randomly selected jury of twelve sworn to uphold applicable Constitutions and laws in which the amount at issue, including costs, exceeds the equivalent of at least 15 troy ounces of pure silver.

Not to be impeded in an appeal from a jury verdict on a writ of error or habeas corpus, as according to the rules under this Constitution, and of the Roman Civil Law except as may be directed otherwise by this Constitution, or if neither, prescribe a course or remedy, as according to the customs of Common Law, or Contract law (under Pacifican Principles) rights, or in none such case, as according to legislative conferral by Pacifica or the several States, or through the legal customs of United States law as under the Articles of Confederation except as may be provided otherwise by the 1787CE Constitution of the United States, and additionally through conformity to the Bill of Rights of 1789CE, as they were originally proposed.

Non-authority shall be presumed for any claim to authority, to be strictly proved by an unbroken logical chain of derivation from the Constitution or Constitutional law.

Not to have any government actor exercise a power not delegated, regardless of whether one may be personally injured by such exercise.

Not to have government actors exercise powers on the pretext of being “necessary and proper” when they are not incidental to perform their official duties or to get a desired result beyond such duties.

To have delegated powers construed as narrowly, and rights, privileges, or immunities construed as broadly, in the Spirit of the Laws [over the Letter of the Law], as the language of the Constitution was meant and understood when ratified permits.

Not to be subject to unreasonable or onerous public area regulations, such as but restrained to park rules, nor to be denied notice of such regulations/rules in a plain and straightforward way which is visibly and disability (I.e., blindness user) accessible to all users of the public area without the need to specially visit a public department/building or access a public website to view them; Neither to be denied the free exercise of Rights in such public places.

To have priority docketing of all prerogative writs filed by a any Person as demandant in the name of the People with a court of competent jurisdiction and served on the respondant, within three sederunt days, unless the respondant requires more, but not more than 20 calendar days, including but not limited to, demurral, quo warranto, habeas corpus, procedendo, mandamus, prohibito, certiorari, and scire facias, and to have default judgment even if no proof is presented or a hearing is not held.

Not have communications, including speech, press, and education, punished or impeded, except such as instigate or direct a felony, misdemeanor, high crime, tort, piracy, or treason.

Not to impede peaceful assembly and exercise of rights in concert with others.

Not to impede assembly as militia for organizing, training, and response to threats to public safety, subject only to direction by State militia officers during a call-up.

Not to restrict Persons in owning and/or possessing/keeping, carrying, manufacturing and/or modifying, buying and/or selling, and bearing of weapons, equipment, and supplies commonly used by military forces, or suitable for militia, subject only to court order of disablement for being a threat to others, or to the lawful orders of militia officers during a call-up.

Not to impede or punish petition for timely and effective redress of grievances.

Not to impede or punish devotion or practice of [a]spirituality/[a]religion, or have preferential support of such by public funds, that does not instigate or direct a felony, misdemeanor, or tort.

Not to have government actors intrude onto or into one’s real property, body, or use of one’s personal property, for search, seizure, or for any other reason, without consent, unless through a declared State of war or emergency threat to public safety as may be prescribed by law, or, a valid warrant supported by an affidavit of [unassailable] probable cause, and always with just compensation for any losses incurred, for each incident.

Not to impede or punish access to observation and recordation of any government proceeding except trial and inquestry deliberations or their equivalent, or deliberations on matters of security requiring secrecy.

Not to impede or punish receipt of records of all proceedings, and accounting for all receipts, loans, debts, and expenditures, and reporting thereof, for eventual examination prior to an election in which the issues may be reviewed.

Not to be denied accurate recording, counting, and reporting of all votes cast by eligible voters in any public election without protection regarding open-disclosure of how each voted.

Not to be denied access to all information about oneself, and either copies at cost of all documentation or to make one’s own copies using one’s own equipment.

Not to be denied effective low-cost remedies for getting information about oneself corrected, and use of such information restricted to that for which there is consent by oneself.

Not to be subject to illogical or impossible demands.

Not to be subject to meddling, without a clear, present, compelling, and rationally-based public need.

Not to impede or punish association and contract to do things not unlawful, including practice of a profession or occupation, marriage, procreation, and acceptance or denial of medical prevention or treatment.

Not to impede or punish formation, conduct, and revision or dissolution of corporations, partnerships, and other trusts, in which settlor, trustee, and beneficiary are distinct Persons who may not be impeded or penalized from directly appearing in any court in such capacities.

Not to have some accorded special privileges or protections that favor them over the rest of the People, in ways not essential to the performance of public duties.

Not to impede or punish travel by a citizen within, to, and from the Union and any State, territory or locality.

Not to be removed from the location of one’s birth or lawful residence, or impeded from returning thereto.

Not to be subjected to involuntary servitude except as punishment for a crime, but excepting jury and witness duty.

Not to be impeded or punished for voting if one is a Citizen of Pacifica and a Resident of the jurisdiction in question, on grounds of being age eighteen or above, sex, sexual orientation, body type, color, race, ancestry, nationality or place of origin, language, relationship status such as being with a romantic partner as well as in a marriage or part of a family, [a]spirituality/[a]religion, political or ideological beliefs, intelligence, education, capability or disability, medical history, previous condition of servitude, property, economic situation, social origin, social circumstances, social condition/status or other characteristics, personal background, immutable traits, or other condition, or failure to pay a tax.

Not to be denied custody and care of close relatives who are non-citizens.

Not to be neglected or abused while in custody.

Not to be denied any right, privilege, or immunity for failure to have or present a name or other form of identification.

Not to be deported without proof that one has not been natural born or naturalized as a citizen, unless one is born to a Person not subject to the jurisdiction of Pacifica, such as a foreign diplomat or an invader.

Not to be subject to a penalty for not doing something, such as not paying a tax, if government agents or other members refuse to allow it to be done, such as not accepting payment of a tax.

Not to be subject to a penalty or tax for failure to take some action one has no public duty to do.

Not to be denied relief from some government action for lack of an appropriation to process the application for relief, or having an official to receive the application, and to fail to recognize the demand for such relief as being granted by default.

Not to be required to procreate or to refrain from procreating, but this immunity may still prohibit abortion on account of the interests of the child after the fetus reaches the stage of development where they are viable outside the womb.

Not to have imposed upon one any unwanted belief or expression of devotion or to be pressured into conformity with such.

Not to be excluded from any Public area without just cause and due process, only in accordance with law, and no such exclusion shall be permanent.

Not be subject to oppressive surveillance, intrusive information collection, or having to present government-issued identification to exercise rights.

Not to be subjected to Arbitrary or Capricious treatment, rulings, or determination by government; To be guaranteed all decisions are explained as to why they were reached and to the Points & Authorities supporting or empowering them.

Not to be penalized or punished for defending against any individual or entity, Private or Public, acting unlawfully or in error in a which violates any of the rights/immunities, privileges, or guarantees provided under this Constitution.

Not to have medical or psychological therapy treatment, or therapy/counseling imposed as a treatment or penalty for or not doing something, nor as a criminal punishment, nor as a stipulation or condition [for compliance] to predicate a release.

Not to be denied the opportunity to display relevant evidence lawfully acquired, including character evidence and evidence of contingency in for/an action that is under judicial scrutiny.

Not to be subjected by a person or association of persons, business/es, or institution/s, who knowingly [directly] assist, or otherwise [directly] act in a way which, aids or performs in, the deprivation of any rights as protected under the constitution of Pacifica.

Immunities do not include entitlements to a sufficient amount of a scarce resource.

The foregoing list is not exhaustive, and further rights, privileges, and immunities are to be found in the historical record. The rule of expressio unius est exclusio alterius shall not be applied.

ARTICLE XVI

Section. 1.

We the People of Pacifica declare:

We the People recognize that our communities are under siege from the corporations that cause economic, cultural, environmental, and public harm; our confinement in a system of laws that grants greater rights to corporations than to residents of our communities; This system grants corporate minorities the legal authority to override the community majority right to choose that which secures its health, safety, and welfare; The legal system has conferred unequal power on the basis of property ownership so that those holding the most property obtain and wield superior rights; This system of law hinders and obstructs our ability to adapt to economic, cultural, and environmental change; Corporate control of legislation and governance denies our right to an authentically equally represented Local, State, and Federal representation necessary to protect our communities from corporate harms; Our health, safety, welfare, and survival of our Local businesses, farms, ecosystems, and neighborhoods depend on restructuring the current system of governance, because it favors corporations over community-based, democratic decision-making; Because a republic means “governance of, by, and for the People” and “consent of the governed”, a [democratic] republic shall exist in our communities, States, and within Pacifica at large;

Therefore, we now exercise our inherent and unalienable right to create an authentic republic in our communities, municipalities, and counties within our States; and We the People call on communities across the States of Pacifica to:

Enact Local laws and adopt charter amendments that recognize community rights for residents of the States and preserve the inherent rights of natural ecosystems to exist and flourish; Include in those Local laws and charter amendments direct challenges to the system of laws and legal doctrines that secure greater rights for corporations than for residents of our communities or natural ecosystems; Build a Statewide network of Local rights-asserting communities involved in changing our legislature to incorporate the inherent self-governing authority of the People; Join together with other State community rights networks in and all other States demanding the National Constitution will elevate the rights of People, communities, and nature above the possibility of the illegitimate “rights” of corporations and the governing authorities they may control.

Persons, Communities, Peoples, and Nations are bearers of rights and shall enjoy the rights guaranteed to them in this and each State’s Constitution and in international instruments. Nature shall be the subject of those rights that this and each State’s Constitution recognizes for it.

The Environment/Nature, or Pacha Mama, where life is reproduced and occurs, has the right to integral respect for its existence and for the maintenance and regeneration of its life cycles, structure, functions, and evolutionary processes. All Persons, communities, Peoples, and nations can call upon public authorities to enforce the rights of nature. To enforce and interpret these rights, the principles set forth in the Constitution shall be observed, as appropriate. The States shall give incentives to natural Persons and legal entities and to communities to protect nature and to promote respect for all the elements comprising an ecosystem.

The Environment/Nature has the right to be restored. This restoration shall be apart from the obligation of the States and natural Persons or legal entities to compensate Individuals and communities that depend on natural systems affected by the other party’s activities. In those cases of severe or permanent environmental impact, including those caused by the exploitation of non-renewable natural resources, the States shall establish the most effective mechanisms to achieve the restoration and shall adopt adequate measures to eliminate or mitigate harmful environmental consequences.

The protection of the environment is of general interest. Persons must abstain from any act that causes grave depredation, destruction, or contamination to the environment. The legislation of each State shall regulate this provision and may provide sanctions/punishments for transgressors.

No person shall cause, suffer, allow or permit or fail to take reasonable steps to abate or terminate the discharge from any source whatsoever of air contaminants or other material which shall cause injury, detriment, nuisance, or annoyance of the public or which endanger the comfort, repose, health or safety of the public or which cause or have a tendency to cause injury or damage to business or property; No person shall cause, suffer, allow or permit or fail to take reasonable steps to abate or terminate the discharge from any source whatsoever air contaminants or water or steam or a combination of such which cause, or combine with natural elements to cause, the reduction of visibility across any road or thoroughfare to such an extent as to cause a hazard; The intentional injection, release, or dispersion, by any means, of chemicals, chemical compounds, substances, or apparatus within the borders of Pacifica, any State, or any Territory, into the atmosphere with the express purpose of affecting temperature, weather, or the intensity of the sunlight, is strictly prohibited. Nothing in any other section of this constitution relating to regulation of emission or pollutants shall in any manner be construed as authorizing or legalizing the creating or maintenance of a nuisance as described in this regulation or as may otherwise be deemed by law to be a nuisance. Congress and the several States shall have the power to uphold this Provision.

Each State shall apply preventive and restrictive measures on activities that might lead to the extinction of species, the destruction of ecosystems, and the permanent alteration of natural cycles. The introduction of organisms, along with organic and inorganic material, that might definitively alter the Nation’s genetic assets, is forbidden.

Persons, Communities, Peoples, and Nations shall be respected in their right to benefit from the environment and the natural wealth enabling them to enjoy the good way of living. Environmental services shall not be subject to appropriation; their production, delivery, use and development shall be regulated by the States.

Persons, Communities, Peoples, Nations, and international Communities are bearers of rights and shall enjoy the rights protected for them in the Federal and respective State Constitution/s as well as in international instruments. Nature shall be the subject of those rights that the Constitutions which both the Federal and Several States recognize for it. The Rights of Nature shall be balanced in interest with the Rights of Persons, so that both are given [as nearly as may be] an equal stake in the courts with regard to their continued existence and Autonomy/Independence, as well as, independence/freedom from all forms of aggression and exploitation against either of them.

All legislative, economic, and environmental decisions shall be subject to an Intergenerational Equity Review assessing their projected impact upon the seventh generation hence. This Federation of States as Pacifica shall maintain transparent, publicly auditable algorithms to calculate long-term ecological and social sustainability scores for all major policies, ensuring that present liberty does not become future bondage through debt, degradation, or depletion. Each generation is the steward, not the owner, of the Earth it inhabits, and owes to its descendants the right to live free from the consequences of unrestrained exploitation. The People of Pacifica shall treat the unborn as silent shareholders in the commonwealth of nature and time.

Everyone shall possess the right to a healthy and ecologically balanced human living environment and the duty to defend it. Future Generations possess the right to inherit an un-damaged environment and a sustainable commons, with any developments upon protected land being minimal and only as necessary for environmental stewardship and the reasonable public-use of such Land by the People.

Geo-engineering, including but not limited to solar radiation management, cloud seeding, and precipitation causing or enhancing chemical aerosols and suspensions or immersions, is prohibited throughout Pacifica, and anybody operating within or affecting it’s borders, and no partnership of inter-national comradery shall be established with those Nations or States partaking in, providing for, or directing the same.

No Individual shall be subject to Carbon Footprint Tracking within the Jurisdiction of Pacifica, its forts/installations/et_cetera, its territories, or any of its composing States or subdivisions thereof. No individual shall be required to submit to limitations of their rights under any carbon quotas.

Wildlife throughout Pacifica and the several States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, utilize principles of sound scientific management in making decisions regarding the taking of fish and game, taking into equal account the personal experience and opinions of real wildlife conservationists such as, but not solely, trappers and hunters that preserve the balance of ecology based on the Cycles of Life between predator and prey. Local commissions may take testimony from department personnel, independent experts, and others, and review scientific literature and data, among other sources, in support of its duty to use principles of sound scientific management. The Local commission of each jurisdiction shall issue orders regarding the taking of fish and game following a public meeting and an opportunity for public input.

Wherever occurring in their natural state, fish, wildlife, and waters are reserved to the People for common use. The privately owned lands and their resources belong to the property owner and are not subject to requisition or appropriation, except as according to this State’s constitution and the Federal pact.

[]
No state, county, municipality, special district, or other political subdivision, nor alternate branch of government federal or elsewise neither any power therein, shall impose, assess, or collect any tax, fee, or charge, directly or indirectly, based on the presence, incidence, intensity, duration, or surface-area exposure of naturally occurring elements, defined herein as precipitation (including rain, snow, and hail), sunlight, and wind (collectively referred to as, “natural elements”), upon any parcel of Private or Public property, such prohibited impositions including but not limited to any formula, proxy, or assessment mechanism, such as land area, roof area, or modeled environmental exposure, designed to approximate or substitute for such natural incidence, and applying without regard to whether the property owner, lawful occupant, or authorized operator collects, stores, diverts, converts, shares, or otherwise makes productive use of such natural elements through systems including but not limited to rainwater harvesting, solar energy generation, hydroelectric generation, or wind energy generation (collectively, “harvesting systems”), which uses are expressly recognized as lawful exercises of dominion over one’s property and extend to personal, commercial, and community applications, the latter defined as voluntary, consent-based arrangements in which multiple participants knowingly agree to share in the benefits of such systems under terms set by the owner or operator, in conformity with the other parts of this constitution and laws made in accordance therewith; this prohibition arises from the principle that taxation must attach to defined human activity, exchange, or the provision of public services, rather than to passive exposure to phenomena that no person creates, controls, or exclusively possesses, that the assignment of taxable value to such exposure is inherently speculative and administratively arbitrary, that conditioning liability on the mere receipt of ambient natural forces and the effects thereof severs any rational nexus between taxation and governmental service, that imposing such charges would penalize productive, conservation-oriented uses of property while duplicating or distorting existing property tax frameworks, and that the freedom to capture, use, and share naturally occurring resources incident to land ownership, subject only to neutral, narrowly tailored health, safety, environmental, and non-pretextual land-use regulations, constitutes a fundamental attribute of property rights that shall not be burdened, diminished, or indirectly encumbered through fiscal measures masquerading as regulation or cost recovery, except as how such regulations may be permitted by this constitution in order to protect People, Animals, and the Environment/Nature from real and demonstrable damage.
[]

Every enterprise engaged in extraction, manufacturing, agriculture, energy generation, or material transformation shall be constitutionally bound to maintain a regenerative and symbiotic ecological footprint no less than equal to the totality of its environmental impact, measured and verified through decentralized ecological accounting. The principle of Self-Regeneration shall hold that economic activity is only legitimate when it preserves or enriches the bioregional integrity of Pacifica and its living systems. Entities that fail to uphold ecological parity shall face automatic contract suspension, loss of market participation, or transfer of their assets into public ecological trusts.

There shall be established in the sovereign Nation of Pacifica a split "Harmony Pull Authority", both at the National and State level to be vested with the power to commit federal and state public resources for the procurement of innovations achieving verified outcomes of human-centered stewardship, biologic harmony, and equitable flourishing, disbursed solely upon independent certification of such ends. The federal Harmony Pull Authority shall consist of a National Sovereign Fund, administered by a rotating Council of Citizen-Stewards appointed by joint resolution of Congress and confirmed by the several bioregional Assemblies of each State. The Council shall issue advance purchase commitments aligned with national precepts of distributist diffusion, libertarian safeguards, and reciprocity of societal benefits, subject to annual referenda and sunset provisions. Each State of Pacifica shall maintain a Bioregional Harmony Pull Network, organized under Legislature oversight, comprising pools drawn from state revenues and municipal consortia. State Authorities shall pledge procurements tied to regionally defined metrics of resilience and reciprocity, scaling public commitments while preserving local sovereignty, with powers exercised through elected Assemblies accountable to the People. All powers herein granted shall reinforce separation of authority: the Legislative Branch shall define outcome metrics and levies; the Executive Branch shall administer funds and verifications through independent Auditors; the Judicial Branch shall adjudicate disputes, enforce equity mandates, and void dystopian overreach. No branch shall encroach upon the others, nor upon the reserved rights of the People and Bioregions. Reinforcing mechanisms shall include mandatory diffusion of ownership in rewarded ventures, environmental safety nets funded by unclaimed commitments, as well as to the right of citizen initiative and referendum. Metrics of societal well-being, environmental preservation and biodiversity, in addition to autonomy, shall govern success, with automatic reallocation to grassroots empowerment upon failure, securing the perpetual harmony of Pacifica with the world at large.

The several States shall each provide for a Green Transition & Innovation Fund, existing solely as a non‑coercive, enabling instrument to foster open, market‑driven innovation in energy production, energy sources, energy efficiency, and pollution‑reducing technologies, and it may never be used to compel individuals or firms to abandon petrol chemicals or fossil‑fuel energy sources, or to mandate any particular form of energy adoption or rejection; the fund’s purpose is to accelerate the development of holistic systems that are designed from inception to retirement to avoid generating noxious waste products, so that whenever energy technologies are advanced, their materials, operations, and end‑of‑life pathways are structured to minimize or eliminate toxic, persistent, or bioaccumulative byproducts rather than merely shifting pollution across space, time, or social groups; any project of the State's Department of Goods and Services receiving support from the fund must demonstrate transparent, end‑to‑end material flows and disposal strategies that either render residual outputs harmless, rapidly degradable, or fully recoverable within safe reuse or regeneration cycles, and no technology whose lifecycle knowingly produces significant hazardous residues may be subsidized under this Provision; Citizens retain the social contractual right to petition for new projects that align with these principles and to petition for the review or termination of projects that fail to meet agreed‑upon progress and environmental criteria, ensuring that the fund remains accountable not only to official management but to the people whose environment and health it is meant to protect; the States shall encourage the development of open‑source, do‑it‑yourself‑friendly designs that individuals can build or adapt in their homes, garages, or local laboratories; through this framework, Pacifica affirms that the transition away from petrol chemicals and fossil‑fuel dependence, where it occurs, must emerge as a rational, voluntary choice driven by the attractiveness, reliability, and cleanliness of alternative options rather than by state compulsion, and that the Green Transition & Innovation Fund is constitutionally bound to serve that persuasion‑based transformation without undermining individual freedom, energy sovereignty, or ecological integrity.

Carbon monoxide is hereby declared a noxious poison and a direct injury to the rights of persons, animals, and the environment/nature to life, health, and clean air; accordingly, its emission beyond one’s property or into shared air may be taxed, regulated, and remediated as a harm. There shall be placed by each State, and by the Federal Legislature within their jurisdiction, an individualized carbon monoxide harm tax upon all vehicles, engines, and industrial or commercial activities that emit carbon monoxide into air external to the engine or it's assembly, or out into the environment/nature, measured by actual or reasonably estimated output attributable to engine type, size, usage, and fuel consumption along with efficiency, along with consideration of any sequestering design of the engine while in actual operation, as may be established by law. This tax shall not apply to carbon dioxide as such, nor to establish carbon credits, greenhouse-gas quotas, or any scheme founded upon indirect climate accounting rather than direct [toxic] injury or the true risk/threat thereof. The Legislature may provide reductions, rebates, or exemptions, with opportunity for public comment by 'the People' and initiative or referendum over-ride by the same.

The use of all roads, ways and waterways necessary to promote the transportation of the raw products of mine or farm or forest or water for beneficial use or drainage is necessary to the development and welfare of the state/s and is declared a public use.

Every person has the right of public access or freedom to roam, which is the People’s right to access certain public land (they are required to stay off of private property) for recreation and exercise, including but not limited to resting, sitting, walking/hiking, cycling, animal riding, boating, and camping in nature, so long as they “Don’t disturb – Don’t destroy – Leave no trace”. People are allowed to access any public park or forest; They are within reasonable limits allowed to collect flowers as well as edible mushrooms and plants or their products, graze their own animals so long as they leave resources available for all other visiting persons and their livestock as well as maintain and preserve the sustainment of natural stocks of wildlife, and within reasonable limits allowed to catch fish and hunt or trap wildlife for food, they may put up a tent and camp for a limited period of time as necessary to accommodate other visitors, collection of tinder and brush is acceptable and campfires are allowed within reasonable limits as long as they are in a safe area and not left un-attended (they must be fully extinguished before leaving them), swimming and boating in streams and rivers as well as ponds and lakes is allowed, and they may access any beach open to the ocean or any waterway connecting to a public right-of-way and 3.5 meters (3.5m) in from the surge-level high-water mark of such waterway, with reasonable extentions under the principle of 'Common Law passage' that allow navigation around [natural] obstacles or [present] dangers so long as the least invasive ingress into a Private property boundary occurs that allows safe land-based navigation and travel alongside the publicly-accessible waterway, within the limits set by Law to protect the equal interests of the adjacent Private property-owners [if any].

The public parks, greenways, commons, and all lands reserved for recreation, rest, and renewal, shall be declared perpetual and irrevocable holdings of the People, administered in trust by every level of government within Pacifica as living estates of universal/shared/basic dignity rather than as instruments of exclusion or privilege. These spaces shall serve equally [to the maximum extent humanly possible] the housed and unhoused, the resident and the sojourner, the young, the aged, the disabled, and all conditions between, ensuring that the right to peaceable occupation, repose, and recreation within such public grounds shall not be abridged except by lawful cause narrowly defined to protect the safety and equal enjoyment of all, without abridging or otherwise reducing the rights of Individuals. No person shall be deprived of free access to the air, water, shade, resting features like benches and tables, or shelter naturally or humanly provided within these public domains, as well as electric and internet access, which stand as visible proofs of the social compact by which the community sustains its own humanity. Their management shall respect both individual freedom and collective harmony, guided by civic stewardship that emphasizes cooperation, regenerative ecology, and public beneficence, so that the grounds of leisure become a common grounds of belonging. Within these community spaces, every person, regardless of circumstance or means, shall find the affirmation of liberty, peace, and subsistence as inherent attributes of Citizenship and Personhood under the constitutional order of Pacifica.

Each state shall set forth and set aside and devote for use by homeless/unsheltered individuals certain public lands deemed reasonable for on foot and transit access, in each of their several Counties, and within each County in Towns or Cities with a population at or above two-hundred-thirty Persons. Each homeless camping parcel set aside for public use shall have electricity, potable water, bathrooms, kitchenettes, along with cellular calling and general internet access as well as other network systems approved by the People of their jurisdiction. Then as directed further by their People, additional amenities may be added such as storage lockers and washing rooms for doing laundry, along with any other needful improvement that the State or Counties see necessary to provide for the homeless/unsheltered community in their Jurisdiction, as directed by the People.

Each State shall set forth to set aside and devote for the use of public lands to consist of State forests, which forests are considered part of the national heritage and regional commonwealth, where the State Bureau of Land Management shall provide for the allocation of resources from the public forests for proper campsites and facilities for water craft as well as shooting/firing ranges.

Each State shall set forth to set aside and devote lands to cultivate and maintain statewide self-sustaining bio-diverse food forests, which land shall be devoted as State parks, where People may [mutually] share in the bounty of the land; State funds and resources shall be set aside for the establishment of County and Local organic bio-diverse community gardens, primarily for the purpose of providing for the People of the counties and localities within each State who show need for nutritional assistance.

Each State shall keep a sanctuary for endangered fungi, plant, and animal species found in their State, and the sanctuary will be open to the public and generate revenues to further protect and restore endangered species and their habitats. The sanctuaries will breed such life in captivity and from time to time release and integrate endangered life back into the environment.

Each State shall each establish a Green Initiative Commission to provide green incentives for green engineering and solar or radiant design, alternative energy and bio-fuel, and carbon neutral or carbon capturing projects; The States shall provide for the partial funding of those projects for Persons and families of zero to low income.

The Green Initiative Commission of each State shall contribute to the Local communities of such State by energy infrastructure involvement, including but not limited to solar and radiant energy, wind, biomass, battery and capacitor technology, and ion power, as well as geothermal facilities, in addition to energy harvesting and zero-point power-extraction; They shall fund research and development in support of the State industry, commerce, and business related to clean energy and green engineering as well as regenerative infrastructure, which shall not be limited to research and product innovation, development, and collaborative commercialization efforts between public and private entities; They shall provide oversight in the development of sites and facilities Statewide for and in support of industry, commerce, distribution, and research and development related to clean energy and green engineering in addition to regenerative infrastructure.

[]
We the People of Pacifica, as individuals in solidarity with the truth and righteousness, declare that all rights arise from the natural order, which exists independent of human will and activity which is knowable by reason, and that in the state of nature the earth, its lands, waters, air, and living systems existed as an integrated and self-sustaining whole, within which humanity emerged as a participant and beneficiary, not as a sovereign apart; from this it follows that no person possesses a rightful claim to destroy, exhaust, or corrupt the natural systems upon which all life depends, and that each stands under a duty of mutual preservation, such that the exercise of liberty must remain consistent with the continued integrity of that order. Civil society and government are therefore instituted not to override or replace natural law, but to secure more effectively the preexisting rights derived from it, and any authority exercised contrary to that end is without just foundation. Accordingly, the earth and its systems are a common inheritance held in trust for present and future generations, and their use shall be governed by the principles of stewardship, renewal, and restraint, such that they are not impaired beyond their capacity to sustain life and regenerate. In accordance with the common law and its enduring maxims, including sic utere tuo ut alienum non laedas, meaning that one must use one’s own so as not to harm another, together with the doctrines of public trust and nuisance, the inherent authority of government to secure health, safety, liberty, and well being, and the principles of precaution and intergenerational equity, it is established that the welfare of the people is the supreme law because all legitimate rights, institutions, and powers derive their justification from their role in preserving the conditions necessary for life, liberty, and human flourishing; and because such welfare is inseparable from the condition of the natural environment and the well-being of other living beings, whose existence forms an essential part of the same natural order upon which human life depends. Therefore, the rights to life and health, liberty, autonomy, sovereignty, and independence, self-security and defense of self and others consistent with natural law, privacy, and the pursuit of happiness are affirmed as primary, inherent, and binding, and shall take precedence over all derivative claims. Property, though a natural right, arises only through the just application of labor to resources not previously appropriated or rightfully held, and exists as a conditional extension of these primary rights; it is therefore inherently limited by the requirement that its use neither causes harm, nor creates unreasonable risk of harm, nor deprives others of the equal enjoyment of their rights or of access to the basic conditions necessary for life. Accordingly, neither property nor contract, nor any form of commerce or organized enterprise, shall be construed to justify conduct that degrades, monopolizes, excludes, or artificially restricts access to such essential conditions, nor to permit the subordination of natural rights to claims of economic gain, technological progress, or convenience. The State, as fiduciary of the People and guardian of the common inheritance, shall possess the authority and duty to prevent, restrain, and remedy violations of these principles through just and proportionate laws, while preserving the primary role of the People in stewardship and ensuring that power is not exercised in a manner that displaces or undermines their rights. Where property, capital, or agreements conflict with the primary rights herein secured, such claims shall yield, and no individual or collective entity shall evade these limitations through legal or structural artifices; the People shall retain the right to seek redress, and the courts shall provide effective remedies to prevent and correct harm. Any act or condition that poisons, degrades, or materially impairs persons, animals, or the environment, or that disrupts their natural development or life cycles, is contrary to natural law and constitutes an offense against the universal rights inherent in all beings, which endure independently of human enactment. Nothing herein shall prohibit productive activities necessary for human sustenance, including agriculture, resource extraction, and related pursuits, provided they are conducted in a manner consistent with stewardship, renewal, and the equal rights of others. This Provision shall not be interpreted to impair the natural right to acquire, hold, use, and defend property justly obtained through labor, nor the legitimacy of property created for the sustenance of oneself, one’s family, or one’s community; however, no accumulation or exercise of property, whether individual or collective, shall supersede or extinguish the primary rights herein established, and all property remains bounded by the enduring obligation to preserve the conditions necessary for life, liberty, and justice for present and future persons under this constitutional order.
[]

Enterprises operating within the Commonwealth of Pacifica that engage in the extraction, processing, or commercial distribution of petrochemical substances shall be obligated to render an ecological contribution equal to or less than thirty-five percent of the net value derived from such activities, as shall be set by Congress, or the People operating through its power. This contribution shall not constitute a punitive measure but a restorative instrument, ensuring that prosperity drawn from the industrial use of fossil resources directly sustains the ecological renewal of the region. Of all amounts collected, two-thirds or more shall be apportioned to the constituent states of Pacifica proportional to their population for environmental restoration, endangered species protection, wildlife coexistance programs and improvements/enhancements to public administration and infrastructure, sustainable energy transition, and the stewardship of local and regional parklands, as directed by their People; no more than one-third shall accrue to the federal treasury of Pacifica for the coordination and funding of interjurisdictional restoration programs and towards national parks, as directed by the People of Pacifica. Collection and distribution shall be transparent, publicly audited, and executed pursuant to statutes enacted in harmony with this Constitution, ensuring fairness and stability in assessment. The rate established herein shall reflect both the consent of the governed and the recognition that while petrochemical dependency cannot presently be abolished, its yield must become an instrument for the preservation and recovery of Pacifica’s living environment. By this provision, the people of Pacifica affirm the moral duty to transform industrial and commercial consequence into ecological restoration and promotion of the people's natural Rights in all modalities within the equal boundary balanced by the individual ambit of oneself over their own life, as well as safeguard the freedom and quality of life sustained by nature’s enduring balance.

To safeguard Pacifica’s natural resources, promote public health, and protect the common environment for present and future generations, the manufacture, sale, and distribution of single-use food containers made from expanded polystyrene foam (commonly known as Styrofoam) shall be prohibited, except as provided herein. Consistent with Pacifica’s tradition of local autonomy, voluntary stewardship, and decentralized governance, municipalities and communities retain the authority to implement stricter standards or additional bans on single-use food containers as they see fit, provided such measures do not infringe upon fundamental liberties or property rights. This prohibition shall not apply to reusable food containers, nor to packaging necessary for medical, emergency, or humanitarian purposes where no practical alternative exists, and for limited purposes related to the structural or operational integrity of technology such as energy or computer systems which are intended to be used long-term. Small businesses may apply for limited, time-bound waivers if compliance would cause undue hardship and no reasonable alternatives are available. All waivers must be publicly disclosed and subject to periodic review. Government agencies shall prioritize education, technical assistance, and voluntary incentive programs to support individuals, businesses, and communities in transitioning to sustainable alternatives, rather than relying on punitive enforcement. In keeping with Pacifica’s commitment to local solutions and non-regulatory stewardship, enforcement shall emphasize collaboration and remediation over punishment. Regulatory intervention shall be a last resort, reserved for egregious or repeated violations. Any citizen or business affected by this provision retains the right to challenge its application or enforcement in a court of law, ensuring due process and protection of individual rights.

No business entity within the jurisdiction of Pacifica, nor within any State, Territory, or the Federal District or Capitol thereof, shall import, manufacture, refine, process, stockpile, trade, supply, distribute, offer for sale, or sell any plastic or polymer product or material that is petrol-based or non-degradable, as defined by law; provided, however, that all plastic or polymer products procured, commissioned, or otherwise utilized in commerce shall be limited exclusively to oxo-degradable or biodegradable plastics or polymers, and any pro-degradant additive employed therein shall be subject to prior approval by the Legislature, which shall by statute prescribe and direct the Environmental Protection Agency of each State and of the Federal District or Capitol to evaluate, certify, regulate, and enforce such standards in such manner as may be provided by law. All plastics and polymers not expressly scheduled or classified by Congress or by the respective State legislature shall be deemed permissible only if they constitute compostable, biodegradable bioplastics or biopolymers produced without the addition of pigments, fillers, extenders, plasticizers, or other modifying agents, and any such pigment, filler, extender, plasticizer, or additive, if used, shall be individually scheduled, classified, and regulated in accordance with uniform or jurisdiction-specific rules established by Congress and by each State for their respective jurisdictions. All plastic or polymer products, materials, and packaging offered for commercial distribution shall bear clear, legible, and standardized labeling indicating the precise type and classification of plastic or polymer utilized, including whether such material is recyclable, compostable, biodegradable, or otherwise degradable under specified environmental conditions; and all recycled scheduled plastic or polymer products sold or distributed in commerce shall be conspicuously marked “Recycled plastic/polymer,” and where such recycled material was not previously authorized for food-contact use, has not been demonstrably maintained free from biological, chemical, or particulate contamination throughout the recycling process, or has not been subjected to validated testing sufficient to establish its purity and safety for reuse in food-contact applications, such products shall additionally and prominently bear the designation “unsafe for contact with food.” Congress and each State shall have the authority to regulate, restrict, condition, or prohibit the commercial uses, applications, and disposal of plastics, polymers, and their derivatives and by-products, including but not limited to their use in materials and products that come into direct or indirect contact with potable water, food or food preparation surfaces, pharmaceutical composition, packaging, and delivery systems, toiletries and cosmetic products, children’s toys and childcare articles, household chemicals and analogous consumer goods, materials exposed to solvents or reactive substances, and goods and materials utilized in gardening, agriculture, and horticulture, including but not limited to packaging, containers, sheeting, cloths, coverings, netting, tubing, and enclosures; and Congress and each State shall enact and enforce such implementing legislation, rules, and standards through their respective Environmental Protection Agencies or equivalent bodies. The prohibitions herein established shall not apply to plastics or polymers demonstrably necessary for structural applications, arms and munitions, or for educational, research, experimental, scientific, or medical equipment and devices, nor shall such prohibitions apply to petrol-based or non-degradable plastic or polymer components integral to imported consumer electronics or to such educational, research, scientific, or medical equipment, where the application of such prohibition would materially and substantially impair the availability, functionality, safety, or advancement of tools, instruments, or technologies relied upon by consumers, researchers, experimenters, scientists, medical professionals, or educators, or would confer a disproportionate advantage upon specialized or restricted industries. Every retail establishment or commercial entity providing plastic or polymer carryout bags or similar items to customers shall maintain, in a location readily accessible and clearly visible to customers, designated receptacles for the return of clean and dry plastic or polymer bags for the purpose of recycling or proper disposal in accordance with law; and all manufacturers, producers, or importers of single-use plastic or polymer items shall, prior to introducing such items into commerce within any State, Territory, or the Federal District or Capitol, register with the appropriate Environmental Protection Agency or regulatory authority of the relevant jurisdiction and shall remit an initial registration fee and a recurring annual renewal fee in such amounts as shall be determined by the legislature of the State and/or by Congress, which may also prescribe reporting, auditing, and compliance requirements. Congress and each State shall have concurrent power to enforce, implement, and give full effect to this provision through appropriate legislation, regulation, inspection, and penalties, including civil and criminal enforcement mechanisms as may be necessary and proper.

Individuals at all times retain the right to ‘ecologically conscious’ and ‘non-external impact’ Mining of one’s own property, and a privilege to prospect and stake mining claims on tracts of public land designated for the purpose of Public prospecting, and to homestead such claims into lawful land title property possession for private persons who produce over consecutive runs/seasons upon the same plot.

The lands, waters, air, and native species of Pacifica possess inherent legal rights to exist, regenerate, and evolve naturally. The People, acting through appropriate means, may defend these rights in any court of law as guardians of the biome, ensuring that no corporate, private, or public actor may degrade them in violation of these rights.

Individuals, animals, and the environment [including but not limited to wildlife such as plants and fungi and microbiome] have the right to clean natural water sources free from pollution from activities produced by humankind. This also requires that industry and personal private activities do not pollute tributaries, the ocean, or water tables, rainwater, and other natural sources of dihydrogen monoxide.

Congress shall within the scope of their enumerated powers to regulate Commerce, and each State in general, possess the power and authority to regulate the collection, transit and Individuals transporting, management and processing facilities, as well as import and export of re-cycling and waste, particularly those objects which qualify as poisonous, toxic, or hazardous materials. Congress and each State shall set forth such rules and regulations as are to be enforced through the Environmental Protection Agency of each State. Congress and each State shall have concurrent power to enforce this provision by appropriate legislation.

Organisms created through genetic engineering, including but not limited to cisgenics, intragenics, transgenics, synthgenics, or any other form of artificial gene modification or synthetic gene creation, shall be subject to mandatory quarantine under regulations established by Congress; such quarantine shall be maintained by the entity responsible for the organism’s development. No such genetically engineered organism may be released into the natural environment, including any ecological system of Earth or beyond, unless authorized pursuant to Congressional regulation. As a condition of such authorization, the organism must demonstrate complete reproductive isolation (speciation) from its originating or base organism(s), as well as from other species, such that it is incapable of engaging in sexual reproduction with its originating or base organism(s), incapable of interfering with or facilitating pollination or fertilization involving its originating or base organism(s), and incapable of disrupting or participating in the sexual reproduction of other organisms.

All Smart City projects must undergo regular independent environmental and social impact reviews conducted by Citizen tribunals with the power to halt operations if proven to degrade the health, privacy, or local ecology of the region or neighboring non-smart communities.

SECTION. 1.5.

Mistreatment of animals is prohibited. The state and its citizens must guarantee the protection, proper treatment, conservation, and care of all animals, as specified by law, being a fundamental constitutional principle.

The federal government shall have the authority and duty to enact and enforce comprehensive animal welfare laws, ensuring consistent protection for all animals, including companion animals, farmed animals, wildlife, and laboratory animals.

The government shall regularly review and update animal welfare standards in light of scientific and ethical advancements, with the aim of continual improvement in the treatment and status of animals.

Animal welfare standards and protections must be regularly reviewed and updated in light of new scientific knowledge and ethical considerations, with the goal of continual improvement.

Animal welfare legislation must recognize and accommodate the natural behaviors, needs, and characteristics of each species, including the right to express natural behaviors and live free from unnecessary confinement or suffering.

The law shall provide mechanisms for the protection of animals’ interests, including legal standing for advocates to challenge cruelty, neglect, or violations of animal welfare laws in court.

Protections shall extend to all animals, including but not limited to companion animals, farmed animals, wildlife, and laboratory/research animals, and animals used in entertainment regardless of their use or status, Special consideration shall be given to the natural behaviors and needs of each species.

Animals have the right to express their natural behaviors. Laws and regulations must ensure that animals are provided with sufficient space, enrichment, and opportunities to move freely, socialize, and engage in species-typical activities.

The breeding, use, and slaughter of animals for human purposes, as well as the use of wildlife in entertainment or profit-making shows, shall be regulated to prevent cruelty and ensure welfare standards that respect animals’ nature and dignity. The government shall actively promote and subsidize natural alternatives to the use of animals in research, food production, and entertainment, wherever possible, to reduce suffering and instrumentalization.

The state shall ensure the conservation of wild animal populations and habitats, and shall take measures to prevent illegal trade, trafficking, and exploitation of wildlife.

Wildlife shall possess an inherent and constitutionally protected right to be free from harassment, molestation, undue disturbance, reckless pursuit, unlawful capture, torment, and habitat disruption, and this right shall be construed liberally to preserve ecological integrity and peaceful existence; provided, however, that nothing in this provision shall be construed to prohibit the lawful and regulated taking of wildlife by humans for self-sufficiency, sustenance, customary or ritualistic use, or commerce, where such taking is authorized by law, conducted by humane and least-intrusive means, and subject to such limitations as are necessary to preserve public safety, conservation, and the continued existence of wildlife populations

Measures to control animal populations or address public health risks must be humane, scientifically justified, and minimize suffering.

The breeding, use, and slaughter of animals for food, research, product testing, or entertainment shall be regulated to prevent cruelty and to ensure welfare standards that respect the dignity and intrinsic value of animals.

The use of animals in scientific research or experimentation is lawful in Pacifica only under the following conditions:
A) The research is rational, necessary, and has a scientifically sound basis as determined by an independent review panel of qualified ethicists, scientists, and citizen observers;
b) The anticipated benefit of the research is substantially likely to produce new, useful, and verifiable knowledge relevant to human or animal health, ecological understanding, or safety;
c) The research cannot be effectively conducted using alternative non-sentient methods, including simulations, cell cultures, organoids, or artificial intelligence models.

All animal testing must conform to Minimal Harm Principles:
a) Pain, fear, or distress must be minimized using anesthesia, sedation, '[]enrichment[]', or alternative housing and handling.
b) Tests that produce suffering without clear predictive or translational value are considered unconstitutional.
c) Repetitive or duplicative tests which do not add substantial knowledge or resolve prior ambiguity shall be banned.
d) Psychological torment, deliberate starvation, mutilation, and extreme isolation are strictly prohibited.

Non-human animals shall only be entitled to those natural rights which they are capable of respecting/reciprocating, to which they may demand such mutual respect/reciprocation of them in others, including People, and they shall equally retain the right to defend their natural rights as is likewise the case in legal “Persons”; They may communicate the desire for enfranchisement in whatever form they determine to be sufficient, and upon questioning of their motivation to be recognized in the courts, they shall be either granted or denied recognition, based upon testing them to verify whether their decision to request such legal recognition was reached autonomously, or otherwise, without compulsion or coercion, or other form of direct manipulation. At all times they shall be reserved the right to not suffer any inhumane treatment, including but not limited to not have any excessive, torturous, nor cruel, degrading/demoralizing/dehumanizing, or unusual treatments or punishments be inflicted.

All sentient non-human animals possess the fundamental right to live free from unnecessary suffering, torment, or abuse. The Government of Pacifica, its institutions, and private entities operating within Pacifica shall be bound to treat animals in a humane, ethical, and compassionate manner, particularly in circumstances of captivity, research, or medical experimentation. Cruel practices, including those that cause unnecessary pain, suffering, or distress to animals, are strictly forbidden. This includes inhumane confinement, neglect, and exploitative shows or spectacles.

Research on any endangered or threatened species, or those recognized as highly intelligent, socially complex, or self-aware, such as, not limited to, Primates, Cetaceans (e.g., dolphins, whales), Elephants, Corvids and Cephalopods, shall be disallowed unless there exists a clear and present medical or ecological justification, and an inability to achieve results through lower-sentience species or non-animal models.

Animals used in research must:
1) Be housed in enriched and species-appropriate environments
2) Be provided adequate food, water, comfort, and social contact when possible
3) Be euthanized humanely and only when scientifically necessary
4) Be retired to sanctuaries or rehomed when continued use is not justified and life remains viable

The state shall actively protect wildlife populations and their habitats, combat illegal trade, and ensure the survival and well-being of native species.

Humane education, including respect for animal welfare and the intrinsic value of nonhuman life, emphasizing respect, empathy, and responsibility toward animals, shall be a mandatory component of educational curricula at all levels

The government shall promote and support alternatives to the use of animals in research, food production, and entertainment, prioritizing the reduction of animal suffering wherever possible.

The use of pesticides, herbicides, and other agrochemicals shall be strictly regulated and minimized to prevent harm to beneficial and essential insect populations, including bees, dragonflies, and other pollinators. Integrated pest management and organic alternatives shall be prioritized, and the precautionary principle applied where scientific uncertainty exists regarding harm to insects.

The government shall fund and promote research into the effects of cellular signals, electromagnetic radiation, and high-voltage discharges on insect and other animal navigation and health. Where evidence of harm exists, mitigation measures and restrictions on such emissions in critical insect habitats shall be enacted to protect vulnerable species.

Strict safeguards shall be imposed to prevent oil, hydraulic fluid, and chemical spills on roads, wetlands, and other habitats essential for insect breeding and nesting, especially for species such as dragonflies. Immediate containment and ecological restoration are mandated in the event of contamination, with priority given to restoring native vegetation and hydrology.

Critical habitats for at-risk and beneficial insects-including wetlands, wildflower meadows, and nesting areas-shall be identified, protected, and restored. Livestock and vehicular traffic shall be excluded from sensitive habitats, and invasive species shall be controlled to support native insect populations.

All beneficial and ecologically essential insects, including but not limited to bees, dragonflies, butterflies, and beetles, shall be eligible for legal protection as endangered or threatened species, as appropriate. The government shall establish and enforce recovery plans for at-risk insect populations, modeled after successful conservation agreements for certain species.

The government shall conduct regular monitoring of animal populations, including insects, and the impacts of chemical, electromagnetic, and environmental threats. Data and findings shall be made publicly available to inform conservation actions and policy decisions.

Public education campaigns shall promote awareness of the importance of insects to ecosystems and agriculture, and encourage citizen participation in pollinator-friendly practices, habitat restoration, and reporting of threats or declines.

The government shall support scientific research and technological innovation aimed at reducing threats to insects and other lifeforms, improving habitat restoration, and developing alternatives to harmful agricultural and industrial practices.

Section. 2.

The right of Persons, and all other entities of due consideration, to cultivate their own food, medicine, structural materials, and all other needful items/resources, is an essential human-or-otherwise right.

Farmers’/Ranchers’ rights include but are not limited to: Enabling Farmers/Ranchers to seek, maintain, and develop crop and livestock genetic resources as they have done since the dawn of agriculture and animal rearing; Enabling Farmers/Ranchers to continue being custodians of plant and animal genetic resources, and their rights to save, use, exchange and sell farm-saved seed/propagating ranch saved non-human-animal-eggs/genetic material; It also includes the right to self-sufficient farming/ranching practices; Farmers and/or Ranchers retain the right to defend their crops and other productive outputs of their plantation, including but not limited to magic mushrooms and cannabis, or any other form of non-human or otherwise non-sapient life, such as but not only fish, frogs, snakes, alligators, chickens, geese, rabbits, pigs, sheep, goats, bovines, buffalo, elk, and moose; These rights apply to both Personal and Commercial/Market Farmers/Ranchers.

Food sovereignty rights include, but are not limited to: The rights of peoples, communities and countries to define their own agricultural labour, fishing, food, and land policies which are ecologically, socially, economically and culturally appropriate to their unique circumstances; [The] true right to food and to produce food, which means that all people have the right to fair access of safe, nutritious, and culturally appropriate food, and to food producing resources, as well as the ability to sustain themselves along with their societies; This right also entails the freedom to prepare and use your own food as you see fit, and with permission, that of others; It is not the right to be fed whatever you want, however, it is right to use any lawfully acquired foodstuffs in accordance with one's own will, which also includes respect in exercise to serve as a cook for others.

[]
The People of Pacifica possess inherent, unalienable, absolute, self-regulating natural rights to food sovereignty and self-preservation rooted in the fundamental interest of Justice, and these rights necessarily include the freedom to hunt, fish, and trap animals for food and fiber and for pest reduction or management (which is ecological pest stewardship defined as the lawful removal or control of animals that threaten crops, livestock, stored food, public health, or safety, conducted in a manner consistent with humane standards and the laws made in accordance with this constitution, and as relevant, the constitution of the State where one resides as well), and to raise, harbor, and humanely slaughter livestock and poultry, including the performance of customary animal husbandry practices essential to herd health and welfare, the operation of commercial poultry enterprises and smallholdings, the conduct of rodeos and related culturalagrarian events (which are cultural sustenance performances and are defined as public demonstrations of husbandry skill and animal handling that reinforce community food systems), and the ethical use of animals in certain biomedical and agricultural research when such use is necessary to secure public health and food security, and these liberties are not granted by the State but are antecedent to it, arising from the natural condition of human survival in the ecological order wherein hunting and trapping are indispensable in the wild state and farming is indispensable in the technological state, and accordingly no Federal, State, local, or territorial law shall criminalize, unduly burden, or discriminatorily regulate these practices, for the people's right to life and self-preservation is the supreme determinant of lawful authority and economic sectors engaged in food production are protected only insofar as they serve individuals, who remain the primary bearers of these rights (the principle of individual primacy being that the economic instrumentality of agriculture is subordinate to the person's claim to sustenance and survival), and Congress alongside the several States shall have the affirmative duty to enforce this provision through due process according to the rules of law throughout Pacifica, including the issuance of protective injunctions against criminalization, the explicit recognition of: the right to hunt for subsistence and population management; the right to fish for subsistence and commercial harvest, the right to trap for food and fiber and for ecological pest stewardship; the right to raise livestock and poultry for food and fiber; the right to humanely slaughter animals for food; the right to perform customary animal husbandry practices including castration, dehorning, branding, and health treatments when necessary for animal welfare; the right to operate commercial poultry enterprises and smallholdings; the right to conduct rodeos and cultural sustenance performances;-and the right to engage in necessary animal research for public health and agricultural advancement. The recognition of food sovereignty is a justiciable cornerstone of self-preservation, and there must be established procedural safeguards that prevent the state from converting naturally lawful sustenance activities into crimes. The People further retain the power to self-regulate these practices through customary norms and community standards whenever such norms do not infringe upon the equal rights of others, thereby creating a self-regulating agroliberty regime (a term coined to denote a system in which the community's own husbandry and harvest norms coexist with constitutional due process to prevent arbitrary criminalization), and no interpretation of this provision shall elevate industry over the individual, nor permit the economic sector to claim immunity from reasonable safety and welfare laws that do not eliminate the core right to sustain life, and all lawful practices of hunting, fishing, trapping for food and fiber and for ecological pest stewardship, livestock slaughter, husbandry, commercial poultry operations, rodeos, and necessary animal research are hereby affirmed and declared immune from criminalization under the law of Pacifica, as expressions of the people's natural right to life, self-preservation, and food sovereignty, and this provision is not intended to criminalize the humane treatment of animals nor to prohibit reasonable care and welfare standards, but it likewise does not circumvent the interests of animals against abuse or cruelty, so that there must be reasonable treatment of the animals involved, meaning that all practices covered herein shall be conducted with humane restraint and without gratuitous suffering, and any regulation that enforces reasonable humane treatment shall remain valid so long as it does not eliminate the core right to sustain life and essential industry along with commerce through these practices.
[]

[]
No law, rule, regulation, subsidy, procurement program, licensing scheme, taxation device, or administrative condition shall interfere with the domestic production, processing, distribution, storage, marketing, sale, barter, exchange, or lawful private consumption of crops, livestock, animal products, seeds, breeding stock, feed, milk, honey, fungi, and all derivative goods produced within Pacifica, because the first duty of government relevant to food sovereignty rights is to protect the people’s own capacity to feed themselves rather than to manage them as dependents of external supply; nor shall any public authority favor imported, externally sourced, or foreign-controlled agricultural goods over internally or nationally sourced goods of the same class, because preferential treatment of outside supply weakens local resilience, transfers bargaining power away from the people, and creates avoidable dependence contrary to civil public stewardship and non-interference with the ordinary lives and productive labor of persons. The government may act only to secure the People against objectively demonstrable threats such as fraud, unsafe adulteration, concealment of origin, predatory monopoly, coercive market manipulation, or actual contamination, and any such action must be narrowly tailored, evidence-based, and proportionate to the least restrictive means compatible with public safety, because power in a free republic exists to protect rights, not to micromanage peaceful exchange or commandeer the food economy. Farmers, ranchers, growers, herders, fishers, and food producers shall retain the natural and civil liberty to save, use, exchange, and sell seeds, propagating material, offspring, breeding stock, and harvested output, to engage in self-directed husbandry and cultivation, to maintain customary practices of production, preservation, and distribution, and to dispose of their lawful products without forced surrender, compelled channeling, or discriminatory burden, because productive independence is the practical foundation of food security and property in the fruits of labor. Government shall be a steward and protector of the agricultural commons by preserving land access, water integrity, pollinator health, soil fertility, local processing capacity, transparent labeling, fair competition, open information, emergency resilience, and access to courts for redress, because food sovereignty fails when the people are denied the means of production even if formal legal rights remain on paper. No public procurement, public feeding program, emergency distribution system, or state-supported market arrangement shall exclude domestic agricultural products in favor of foreign alternatives where local goods are available on reasonable terms, because public funds and public institutions exist to strengthen the people’s own productive base, not to displace it. All protections historically used to defend domestic garlic, and by fair extension all food crops and animal products, against predatory import practices, false origin claims, and unfair dumping are hereby incorporated in general form as protections for all Pacifican food producers, except that all tariffs are forbidden, because Pacifica shall defend its food system by non-tariff measures, truthful labeling, enforceable quality standards, anti-fraud law, competition law, and the equal application of rules to all persons and enterprises rather than by taxing trade. Any governmental power exercised under this provision shall be justified by objectively reasonable standards, interpreted in favor of liberty, and limited to what is necessary to protect the natural rights, health, and productive freedom of the people, because in a republic the public thing is held in trust for the people and not as an instrument of control over them.
[]

No law shall infringe with the freedom of the People to be self-sufficient, and for them to grow, raise, prepare, and serve their own sources of food and resources, including but not limited to fungi, plants, and livestock, fuel, wood or artificial lumber, paper, fiber, rope, wicks, cloth and textiles, plastics, explosives, building supply or material, paint, sealant, lacquer, soap, lotion, ointment, medicine, and the great number of industrial and commercial products. Free exchange and trade of germa products including but not limited to [both viable and non-viable] spores, pollen, seeds, and non-sapien animal eggs between Persons within the Nation of [the] Pacifica [of Sovereign Persons], and those mutually consenting outside of it, is sacrosanct.

The Commonwealths of Pacifica affirm the fundamental importance of productive use of agricultural land, local community food sovereignty, and the stewardship of land as a commonwealth heritage entrusted for the public good. Each Commonwealth shall maintain a State Bank holding agricultural land parcels designated for lifetime productive use by qualified farmers. These parcels shall be granted to farmers as non-transferable, rent-free lifetime use rights contingent upon continuous productive use, including cultivation, ranching, agroforestry, or other sustainable food production practices. Farmers granted lifetime use rights shall not have the authority to sell, bequeath, or transfer these land parcels, and upon cessation of productive use or at the end of the farmer’s lifetime, the farmland shall revert to the State Bank holdings for reassignment consistent with these purposes. Productive use shall be defined as the active utilization of land for agricultural or ranching output sufficient to sustain the farmer’s livelihood and contribute to local food supply, in accordance with standards established by the Commonwealths, allowing temporary fallow periods within sustainable practices. The program seeks to increase agricultural and ranching productivity, promote resilient local food economies, foster community self-sufficiency, and preserve farmland as a heritage resource entrusted to the people of Pacifica. The governance, stewardship standards, productive-use requirements, and reallocation procedures of agricultural land held within the Commonwealths shall be administered under a democratic council of active farmers, elected by and from among those granted lifetime use rights, whose resolutions shall carry binding authority in establishing, revising, and enforcing policies governing farmland tenure and succession, and have sovereign autonomy except against the powers of the People local to each region of agriculture to ensure ecological preservation and equitable practices amoung the farmers, but not to micromanage crop or livestock allocations or to deprive such farmers of any outputs they create as property on such non-transferable lifetime usufructs. This constitutional provision is intended to empower individual farmers with free use of land under stewardship obligations, prohibiting speculative ownership, and supporting community food sovereignty through a commons-based heritage system complemented by sustainable practices.

The right to sell raw milk with informed consent shall be protected by law, but States may prescribe the necessity for which tuberculosis testing on raw milk products is provided before sale as information available on the label through lab certification of being free of disease. States may also prescribe the necessity for which explanation of the dangers of potential disease (such as tuberculosis) found from bovine dairy products that are raw or otherwise unprocessed.

In addition to the food sovereignty rights in farmers and customer consumers of their products surrounding raw dairy, the right to the sale of raw honey and other raw food and supplemental nutritional or bioactive natural ingredients shall not be infringed or otherwise circumvented, in accordance with the theory of informed consent.

Section. 3.5.

In recognition of the essential principle that every individual, regardless of their economic means or mode of payment, is entitled to equitable access to sustenance, it shall be enshrined within the constitutional framework of Pacifica as an immutable dictate that all food sales enterprises, encompassing but not limited to grocery establishments and convenience markets, are unequivocally prohibited from engaging in any form of discrimination or differential treatment with respect to the availability, pricing, quality, or provision of food products between patrons utilizing government-sponsored food assistance benefits, such as those facilitated via Electronic Benefit Transfer cards, and those transacting by alternative means; however, while such businesses must uphold this non-discriminatory mandate, they concurrently retain the autonomous prerogative to extend specialized discounts, produce and bulk credit programs, or ancillary services exclusively targeting customers who remit payment through established nutrition assistance programs, thereby fostering voluntary market-based incentives aligned with social equity objectives, and to support and amplify such progressive commercial practices, the government shall institute and maintain a legal mechanism for the disbursement of matching subsidies, capped at ten percent of the aggregate sales derived from benefits-receiving clientele, conditional upon authorization through legislative enactment and appropriate budgetary allocations, thereby harmonizing the imperatives of free enterprise, individual sovereignty, and collective welfare; moreover, this provision is adopted to reinforce the ethos of sovereign personhood integral to the Pacifican vision, ensuring that protections afforded to vulnerable populations are balanced methodically with the preservation of voluntary business discretion and economic freedom.

To uphold the dignity of all individuals, alleviate hunger, and promote responsible stewardship of food resources by preventing waste of edible food across Pacifica, all supermarkets and food warehouses must donate edible surplus food at any point in the supply chain to eligible charitable organizations or food pantries serving the hungry. The intentional destruction, discarding, or spoilage of edible surplus food by covered entities is prohibited. Violation of this provision is a civil infraction punishable by a fine equal to or above one times (1*) and not exceeding two times (2*) the fair market value of the food destroyed or wasted. The legislature of each State shall establish clear procedures for assessing market value, citation issuance, appeals, and options for corrective actions prioritizing remediation. No donation of food shall be construed as a transfer of ownership beyond what is necessary for charitable distribution. Donors acting in good faith, without gross negligence or intentional misconduct, shall be protected from civil or criminal liability arising from the donation of edible food that meets safety standards. The legislature of each State shall enact laws and procedures consistent with this provision that encourage voluntary compliance through education and partnership, imposing only proportional penalties to deter violations while safeguarding private enterprise autonomy. "Edible surplus food" means food fit for human consumption that would otherwise be discarded due to surplus, approaching expiration, or aesthetic reasons. "Eligible charitable organizations" means nonprofit entities exempt from registration as a business under applicable laws, engaged in distributing food to individuals in need. Fines collected from violations of this program shall be directed towards food security programs for Pacifican citizens in need.

The several States shall have the sovereign authority to regulate the types of food and nutritional products purchasable with governmental nutritional assistance and food benefit programs operating within their borders. States are authorized to prohibit the use of such benefits for the purchase of highly-processed or junk foods, including but not limited to soda, candy, and other foods characterized by excessive sugars or synthetic sweeteners, artificial ingredients or un-natural additives, or those lacking substantial nutritional value. States shall mandate that all governmental nutritional assistance and food benefits programs accept for purchase with such benefits: (a) raw ingredients not excluding baking soda/powder, vinegar, lemon or lime juice, extracts, spices, and natural flavorings; (b) ready-made/ready-to-eat and hot/heated food items; (c) nutraceuticals, defined as food-derived substances that offer health benefits beyond basic nutrition; (d) garden seeds and edible live plants, to promote self-sustenance, local food production, and individual food sovereignty; (e) 'space age' food items or meal replacements such as milk, protein, fiber, or collagen powders, electrolyte blends, powdered or instant tea and coffee, and freeze dried items; (f) long-term shelf-stable storable foods. The Federal government shall enforce this provision uniformly across the several States, ensuring respect for State regulations on nutritional assistance, while safeguarding individual liberty by preventing Federal overreach into States’ nutrition assistance policies. Nothing in this Provision shall be construed to restrict voluntary participation by recipients in food assistance programs, nor to limit personal choices outside the scope of government supported nutritional assistance benefits.

The Commonwealths of Pacifica recognize food sovereignty as the inherent right of all peoples to healthy, culturally appropriate, and sustainably produced food, placing food providers and local communities at the center of food and agricultural systems. Each Commonwealth shall establish market-based incentives, including vouchers for consumers and tax credits for businesses, to encourage innovation in food preservation technologies, support development of local micro-farms, and expand procurement of nutritious food from local producers. To further these goals, each Commonwealth shall empower its government to adopt tailored policies and programs that incentivize local agricultural production as well as promote resilient, community-controlled food economies while minimizing burdensome regulation. This Provision is intended to advance the Pacifican vision of a sovereign society built on voluntary, market-driven participation, and robust local food systems that enhance sustainability, economic opportunity, and community self-sufficiency.

Section. 4.

The right to acquire and hold property shall derive from the just and productive application of one’s labor to unowned or lawfully abandoned resources, and from the maintenance thereof in a state beneficial to life and the community. No person shall claim or retain exclusive dominion over land or resources that are left unused, neglected, or permitted to spoil, save where such state is incidental to a demonstrable purpose of improvement or preservation consistent with the public good. In keeping with the principle that there must remain “enough and as good” for others, property may be acquired or retained only to the extent that it does not deny to others the opportunity of similar lawful acquisition and use. Any person who, in good faith, peaceably, openly, and continuously occupies and productively employs abandoned, neglected, or unused land or premises, without substantial harm to the rights of others, shall hold a lawful right of productive occupation against summary eviction or punitive measure. An owner who neglects or abandons land or premises for a period as shall be fixed by law, without productive use or preservation consistent with this Provision, shall forfeit exclusive rights thereto in favor of the productive occupier. Disputes arising under this Provision shall be determined in a court of competent jurisdiction, which shall balance the labor-based claims of the occupier with the legitimate and active interests of the title holder, securing justice consistent with natural rights and civil order. This Provision shall be self-executing, and no law shall be enacted that unduly burdens the lawful exercise of the right of productive occupation herein guaranteed.

Section. 4.5.

Sub-Section. 1.

The People retain the right to Homestead on un-used Public Lands and un-claimed wildlands, which shall be secured and promoted by the Legislature of the Relevant Jurisdiction, and any portion of such lands which is put to good and continuous use over the course of put to use at least one-half of the year, each year, for seven years shall thereafter become their property fully clear in title and they shall retain the right forever more to dispose of such property as they see fit, within the limitations drawn by the common law right of squatting on thenseforth un-used/un-defended Property. In homesteading upon un-used Public Land and un-claimed wildland, a homesteader must not take so much property that there is not enough left over for others as well, only laying claim to that which they truly use for their own self-sufficiency and free enterprise.

Any Person may homestead, occupy, and responsibly develop unused or abandoned land held in trust or not under clear title, provided they do not infringe upon another’s legitimate claim or the rights of Nature. No law shall abridge the People’s right to establish free homesteads under equitable conditions.

Sub-Section. 2.

Any land owner who owns a parcel or number of them, or sub-divisions, that holds title to each piece of land, each one of which the size of such land parcel [on each individual title] greater than one-hundred-and-sixty acres, but for which whom has not made or who will make no improvements other than a fence and/or signage or other boundary and eminence marking/labeling, whether or not electrified, barbed, or razor-wired, with or without a gate, whether or not it is powered/motivated, and for whom has no productive use (such as useful grazing, hunting for survival/self-sufficiency and sales, timbering, farming, or mining) except to have it surveilled, or patrolled by security personnel or robotics, then, at the end of ten years, if they have still not either placed [true] improvements upon the land, or, used it to produce property by mixing their labor with the natural resources worth no less than ten silver dollars per annum in such ten year period, then the un-used portions of such land or all parcels which this applies to that were under their ownership become “De-claimed Wildlands”, and thus are a homestead-able part of the natural heritage and commonwealth of this State, and shall not be claimable for exclusionary rules [as may be directed in accordance to the constitution of this State and as limited by the federal pact, as public land may be justified rightfully by the government in pursuit fo a compelling government interest in protecting Persons, Property, Animals, and [the] Environment/Nature]; nor shall they be respected in title by the original owner, unless they homestead it. This law shall not obstruct otherwise lawfully squatting parties from staking an adverse possession claim after five years of continued residency on un-used land; This Provision shall not enable developed land (which is being actively put to use) to be de-claimed and homesteaded.

One may lawfully squat and issue a claim for un-used private property consisting of land that is not actively defended against occupation by trespassers by the Person or Company/Business possessing original title to the land; Areas not clearly marked “No Trespass/ing” with perimeter markers and/or barriers, are considered un-defended territory unless the owner uses it for their subsistence and private capital purposes, for then they must protect it from ingress and settling, or it shall be surrendered in title at the end of the term designated to form a homestead by squatting, according to the rules of adverse possession. In order to have a squatting title issued, one must have issued a notice of claim and subsequently squat on the land for no less than five years and performed upkeep to existing structures and/or formed a dwelling of their own, as well as mixed their labor with the available resources on the claim to perform labor and generate subsequent property valuated at ten  silver dollars per year.

[]
All rights in real property shall be understood as grounded in the principles of original appropriation, beneficial use, and the preservation of order, such that ownership carries not only dominion but a continuing obligation to employ land in a manner consistent with its reasonable, productive, or conservational use, and no claim of title shall be interpreted to extend moral or equitable force where land is held primarily for speculation, abandonment, or idleness beyond that which the owner can beneficially use without waste, consistent with the Lockean proviso that appropriation is justified only insofar as it leaves no injury through non-use or artificial scarcity; accordingly, in all disputes concerning trespass, adverse possession, or unauthorized occupation, the sufficiency of notice by the landholder shall be a central inquiry, and such notice shall be deemed legally “conspicuous” only where it is reasonably likely to come to the attention of an ordinary person approaching, entering, or occupying the land through customary or foreseeable means, which requirement shall be satisfied by the placement of clearly visible signs or paint blazes at intervals not exceeding thirty (30) meters along and at each corner of the property’s boundaries, as well as at all normal points of entry, access routes, gates, pathways, crossings of water boundaries, and any location where a reasonable person would expect entry to occur, including both sides of any natural or artificial boundary intersecting a public right of way; such signage shall be no smaller than twenty and one-half (20.5) centimeters in height and twenty-eight (28) centimeters in width, shall contain the words “Closed to Entry,” “No Trespassing,” or their substantial equivalent in lettering not less than two and one-half (2.5) centimeters in height, and shall include the name, business address, and telephone number, if any, of the landowner or authorized agent, and may alternatively or additionally consist of fluorescent orange paint markings of not less than three hundred twenty-two and one-half (322.5) square centimeters applied to posts, structures, or natural objects in conformity with the same spacing requirements, provided that all such markings are positioned so as to be readily observable from outside the boundary lines and at the point of approach; the placement of such notice shall bear directly upon its legal sufficiency, such that signs located in remote, interior, or unrelated portions of the land, or those not reasonably aligned with actual entry points or the site of occupation, shall constitute weaker or insufficient evidence of effective notice, whereas signs placed at principal entrances, immediately adjacent to occupied campsites or homesites, or at established access routes shall constitute strong evidence that a reasonable person would understand the prohibition as applying to the specific area in question; in cases of adverse possession or squatting, each discrete campsite, structure, or area of occupation shall be treated as a distinct locus requiring individualized notice, and any notice of removal or eviction shall specifically designate and be directed to each such site and, where practicable, to each identifiable occupant therein, whether named or described as John Doe, Jane Doe, or their meaningful equivalent, as aggregated by location, and personal service or direct communication of such notice shall be accorded greater evidentiary weight than posted signage alone, particularly where land boundaries are ambiguous, unenclosed, or not marked by fences, monuments, surveys, or readily identifiable natural features; where multiple access points exist, multiple corresponding notices shall be required, and all attractive features or improvements within thirty (30) meters of a public right of way or adjacent property boundary shall likewise be marked so as to prevent reasonable misunderstanding as to permissibility of entry; boundary ambiguity, while not extinguishing legal title, shall be considered in evaluating the reasonableness of the entrant’s belief, the adequacy of notice, and the intent necessary for adverse possession, and in all such determinations the law shall favor practical communication over mere technical compliance, recognizing that notice is not fulfilled by existence alone but by its capacity to inform a reasonable person at the time and place of entry or occupation, and that failures in clarity, placement, or directness may diminish the enforceability of exclusion where they create genuine uncertainty as to the scope or application of the owner’s claim.
[]

Sub-Section. 3.

Any person who is the head of a family, or who has arrived at the age of of majority or is an emancipated youth, and is one of the People retaining Jus Solis by right of birth within Pacifica, or who shall have filed their declaration of intention to become a Citizen as such, and has been granted Citizenship as required by the naturalization laws of Pacifica, and who has never borne arms [un-justly] against their State nor the Pacifican Government or given aid and comfort to their enemies [who are the enemies of the People], shall, from and after the first January, two thousand and twenty-que, be entitled to enter one quarter section or a less quantity of unappropriated public lands, upon which said person may have filed a pre-emption claim, or which may, at the time the application is made, be subject to pre-emption at ten-dollars, or less, per acre; or eighty acres or less of such unappropriated lands, at twenty-dollars per acre, to be located in a body, in conformity to the legal subdivisions of the public lands, and after the same shall have been surveyed: Provided, That any person owning and residing on land may, under the provisions of this Section, enter other land lying contiguous to his or her said land, which shall not, with the land so already owned and occupied, exceed in the aggregate one-hundred-and-sixty acres.

The homestead program will accept applicants for filing a homestead claim, after the applicant has been homesteading for no less than twenty-eight days but no more than three years; and the homesteader shall receive title in seven years from the application date for the claim after putting the claim to productive use, adding a dwelling, and making useful improvements upon the same. The program will accept single applicants as head of household, or shared titles of merged boundaries for multiple applicants in a collective with shared title between applicants and amendments to incorporate multiple stead titles into one mutual title.

Dwellings installed upon a stead may be semi-permanent or permanent installations, but they must be used at least half of the year, and actively house the occupant of the land each year for that period; They may be tents, trailers, recreational vehicle, car port, shed, or other shelter construction, but they must be structurally sound for the seven year period of time for which the stead must be operated to gain title, and must not be transferred in possessorship except by heritance or final-testament/will, without first being brought up to relevant construction code/s for any permanent structure on the land.

The person applying for the benefit of this and other sections within this Constitution, shall, upon application to the register of the land office in which he or she is about to make such entry, make affidavit before the said register or receiver that he or she is the head of a family, or is eighteen years or more of age, or shall have performed service in the State Reserves or Militia in actual time of Duty, and that he has never borne arms against the People’s Government of Pacifica or their State or given aid and comfort to its enemies, and that such application is made for his or her exclusive use and benefit, and that said entry is made for the purpose of actual settlement and cultivation, and not either directly or indirectly for the use or benefit of any other person or persons whomsoever, except for family and guests upon the same land; and upon filing the said affidavit with the register or receiver, and on payment of one-hundred dollars, he or she shall thereupon be permitted to claim and defend the quantity of land specified: Provided, however, That no certificate shall be given or patent issued therefor until the expiration of seven years from the date of such entry; and if, at the expiration of such time, or at any time within three years thereafter, the person making such entry; or, if he be dead, his widow; or in case of her death, his heirs or devisee; or in case of a widow making such entry, her heirs or devisee, in case of her death; shall. prove by two credible witnesses that he, she, or they have resided upon or cultivated the same for the term of five years immediately succeeding the time of filing the affidavit aforesaid, and shall make affidavit that no part of said land has been alienated, and that they have borne true allegiance to the Government of Pacifica; then, in such case, he, she, or they, if at that time a citizen of Pacifica, shall be entitled to a patent, as in other cases provided for by law: Being provided, further, That in case of the death of both father and mother, leaving an Infant child, or kids, under eighteen years of age or un-emancipated as a youth, the right and fee shall ensure to the benefit of said infant child or children; and the executor, administrator, or guardian may, at any time within two years after the death of the surviving parent, and in accordance with the laws of the State in which such children for the time being have their domicile, sell said land for the benefit of said infants, but for no other purpose; and the purchaser shall acquire the absolute title by the purchase, and be entitled to a patent from Pacifica, on payment of the office fees and sum of money herein specified. The register of the land office shall note all such applications on the tract books and plats of, his office, and keep a register of all such entries, and make return thereof to the General Land Office, together with the proof upon which they have been founded.

No lands acquired under the provisions of this Section shall in any event become liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted prior to the issuing of the patent therefore. If, at any time after the filing of the affidavit, as required in this act, and before the expiration of the five years aforesaid, it shall be proven, after due notice to the settler, to the satisfaction of the register of the land office, that the person having filed such affidavit shall have actually changed his or her residence, or abandoned the said land for more than six months at any time, then and in that event the land so entered shall revert to the government for other Individuals to Homestead upon.

No individual shall be permitted to acquire title to more than one quarter section under the provisions of this Section; and that the Commissioner of the General Land Office is hereby required to prepare and issue such rules and regulations, consistent with this act, as shall be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into effect; and that the registers and receivers of the land offices of the several Counties shall be entitled to receive the same compensation for any lands entered under the provisions of this Section that they are now entitled to receive when the same quantity of land is entered with money, one half to be paid by the person making the application at the time of so doing, and the other half on the issue of the certificate by the person to whom it may be issued; but this shall not be construed to enlarge the maximum of compensation now prescribed by law for any register or receiver: Provided, That nothing contained in this act shall be so construed as to impair or interfere in any manner whatever with existing preemption rights in conformity therewith: And provided, further, That all persons who may have filed their applications for a preemption right prior to the passage of this Section, shall be entitled to all privileges of this Section.

Sub-Section. 4.

The Bureau of Forest and Land Management shall open a division to deal with providing land for homesteading, and public resources for homesteaders to establish their own off-grid/self-sustenance living solutions. The Bureau of Land Management shall furnish for applicants, property to initiate their HomeSteading operation, with:
1) A Chainsaw and one extra chain as well as one chain sharpener with twenty-five gallons of fuel available on a gas station voucher/giftcard of choice as well as one chain oil and 2 bottles of motor oil mix for two-stroke GEET-Pantone-engine chainsaw as well as a sharpener for the chains;
2) An all-weather offroad-suitable tadpole trike or quad/four-wheeler vehicle implementing a GEET-Pantone 4-stroke or diesel internal-combustion-engine using the primary fuel of their choice, with a heavy-load-tolerant rugged off-road cargo trailer, with one set of tire patches and canister of sealant goop for each tire of both, a tire pump, as well as one-hundred gallons of fuel on a voucher/giftcard for fuel vendor of applicant’s choice for the vehicle;
3) 750watts of 18E-20E_volt solar panels (either crystalline or amorphous, or a combination thereof) with an MPPT/Smart charge controller with 15 customizable programmable modes that can handle up to 2.4kilowatt photovoltaic input and load at 12E-20E_voltDC, a buck boost selectable 120v@10(I)amp and 240Evolt@5(I)amp phase-locking 50Hz pure-sinewave grid-tie_capable power-inverter delivering 1.2kWatt/second, and an 8kilowatt-hour battery-supercpacitor hybrid delivery-system using 100ampre-per-second delivery 4.8kilowatt-hour 12Evolt lead-alum solid-state lead-alum-water liquid-crystal-battery and 14.8Evolt 3.2kilowatt-hour lithium-glass-battery bank with high-crank amp delivery in addition to a 15.6volt graphene+nano-cellulose supercaps for matching amp-delivery to jumpstart the provided vehicle;
4) A 4.3meter wide * 3meter deep * 2.2meter height wax-sealed hemp/canvas tent and [a] suitable GoreTex tarp/s with attachment bungee cables to fully cover the tent to shelter from rain;
5) A tactical-style military-grade survival shovel with pick and case;
6) A tactical woodcutting fireman’s timber-axe and a sharpening stone;
7) A tactical machete with saw and sheath in addition to a sharpening oil-stone with sharpening oil and diamond coarse-fine double-sided sharpening wet-stone;
8) A tactical Bowie or K-Bar styled knife with saw and fire starter ferrocerium rod in addition to sharpening rod as well as its encasing sheath with molle beltloop adapter;
9) A fishing pole, two test strengths of line as per applicant’s request in addition to tackle and bait suitable for twenty-eight days of self-sustenance fishing, or re-usable traps of equal utility and nearing in price within twelve-point-five percent;
10) And a long-gun or upper-converted pistol-carbine of the caliber specified by the applicant, which itself has built-in iron-sights, as well as a fifteen-to-twenty-five round magazine with a secondary backup magazine and a Molle-based belt-holster for the spare magazine, in addition to a shoulder-strap and telescoping and/or collapsing stowaway stock (upon preference of the recipient), a foregrip, a laser+light 14500 or AA Ni-MH powered laser-sight and tactical flashlight, long-range hunting scope, and ammunition suitable for 28days worth of peaceable self-defense and hunting activities for the Homesteader’s security and self-sufficiency.

Sub-Section. 5.

Nothing in this Section shall be so construed as to prevent any person who has availed him or herself of the benefits of the third Sub-Section of this Section, from paying the minimum price, or the price to which the same may have graduated, for the quantity of land so entered at any time before the expiration of the five years, and obtaining a patent therefore from the government, as in other cases provided by law, on making proof of settlement and cultivation as provided by existing laws granting preemption rights.

ARTICLE XVII

All debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be as valid against Pacifica under this Constitution, as under the Provisional Government.

The validity of the public debt of Pacifica, government-invested-power, including debts incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or unjust rebellion, shall not be denied. But neither Pacifica nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred in aid of insurrection or unjust rebellion against Pacifica, or any claim for the loss or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts, obligations and claims shall be held illegal and void.

No legislative act or provision thereof shall have the force of law unless the Constitutional authority for it is explicitly cited, verifiable by proving an unbroken chain of logical derivation.

No treaty, trade pact, or foreign agreement shall have legal force within Pacifica if it infringes upon the unalienable rights of the People, including but not limited to property rights, medical freedom, food sovereignty, or speech.

Any foreign law, supranational directive, or UN policy that contradicts Pacifican natural rights shall be treated as treasonous and void. A provision of a treaty or other international agreement not made in pursuance of this Constitution shall have no force or effect. All enforcement agents acting on behalf of such foreign decrees shall be stripped of their position of power within Pacifica  and prosecuted [as a traitor guilty of treason] to the fullest extent of the law..

A treaty or other international agreement shall have legislative effect within Pacifica as a law thereof only through legislation, except to the extent that the Senate shall provide affirmatively, in its resolution advising and consenting to a treaty, that the treaty shall have legislative effect.

An international agreement other than a treaty shall have legislative effect within Pacifica as a law thereof only through legislation valid in the absence of such an international agreement.

On the question of advising and consenting to the ratification of a treaty, the vote shall be determined by yeas and nays, and the names of the Persons voting for and against shall be entered in the Journal of the Senate.

This Constitution, and the Laws of Pacifica which shall be made in Pursuance thereof, but not rules, interpretations, advice/guidances, bulletins, circulars, or other administrative statement or action of any type or form, shall be the supreme Law of the Land throughout Pacifica, the several States, all territories, and any forts/installations under their Jurisdiction, as shall all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of Pacifica; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.

The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive and judicial Officers, and all other members of the public body, composing Pacifica and all forts/installations/bases erected under its authority, its Territories, and of each State or Locality thereof, shall be bound by Oath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; A standardized test of intelligence and a psychological evaluation shall be issued; but no [a]spiritual/[a]religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under Pacifica; They shall required, before taking office, to swear the following oath under penalty for treason: “I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office [of Power] of Pacifica, Territory or State, and Locality, and will to the best of my Ability, support, defend, uphold, and enforce the Constitution of Pacifica”; and be sworn:
“
1) Not to enact or enforce any law or create or follow any order which infringes on, impacts, or otherwise impairs the sovereignty & rights of the People, including the expression of their sovereignty through the powers of the Union and the State Powers, according to the distribution of Jurisdictions as it is established through their respective constitutions, and the expression of their rights, including but not limited to: Arms, Liberty, Property, Speech, Peaceably Assemble, and to Petition the Government for a Timely and Effective Redress of Grievances.
2) Not to enter with force into any Jurisdiction, without the express consent and invitation of that Jurisdiction’s legislature and executive, revocable at any time by them or their People.
3) Not to invade or subjugate any Jurisdiction that asserts its sovereignty and declares the government to be in violation of the compact by which such jurisdiction entered into Union.
4) Not to detain any Pacifican citizen as an “unlawful enemy belligerent” or as a “combatant”, or subject them to trial by military tribunal.
5) Not to warrantlessly Search or Seize the Pacifican People, including house-to-house Searches or Seizures, or any form of inspection than under Due Process of law underneath this Constitution and any relevant Constitution within a separate Jurisdiction.
6) Not to blockade Pacifican cities, thus turning them into giant concentration camps, nor to force Pacifican Citizens into any form of detention camps under any pretext.
7) Not to assist or support the use of any foreign troops on Pacifican soil against the People of Pacifica to “keep the peace”, or to “maintain control/order” during any emergency, or under any other pretext. The use of foreign troops against the People is considered to be an invasion and an act of War against the People.
8) Not to pervert the spirit of the law and rather to act under original intent despite any subsequent court ruling, legislation, or executory edict.
“

All members of the military and law enforcement must wear their uniforms while actively on duty, including while out in a public place such as a city, town, or countryside, and any individual or group of individuals who defy this order shall be fined and imprisoned under this title, up to five thousand Pacifican dollars and sentenced up to five-years for felonious charges and five years probation, and not less than two-years without the chance of parole, with three-years probation.

All members of Government within Pacifica, including the states, and any territory or staff at any installation in any place or region under the Jurisdiction of Pacifica, including any fort, facility, or installation under Pacifica’s or any State’s or Territory's control, must be citizens of Pacifica.

Perjury shall consist of the violation of any oath or affirmation, including that made for public office, and Congress shall have authority to criminally punish it only when made in a forum of Pacifica, or by an officer or agent of Pacifica.

No provision of this Constitution, shall be construed to provide any State, State agency, or State officer with an immunity from liability for violating any provision of this Constitution.

It shall be punishable by life imprisonment without the chance of parole for any official at any level of government to violate the Constitution for any reason while within a position of government.

ARTICLE XVIII

These definitions and clarifications are written in logical order, not in order of importance, and in some cases were written directly towards a reader’s person. Understanding all of these definitions and clarifications is essential to understanding the intention of this Constitution.

In cases where a constitutional clause may appear to come into conflict with another one, the presumption shall be most lenient or most permissive in the case of the people and prescribe the least power or least restrictive capability for government to exercise or limit through law. Clauses may be interpreted additionally to each other in a way which limits government power and which removes limitations on the people, but not which cancels out the affect or intended effect of either clause [or any number of them].

The government of Pacifica are specifically restricted from defining words when creating dictionaries intended for public consumption by the [General] People of Pacifica or any other jurisdiction or sovereignty, and are prohibited from enforcing the use of any particular language on anyone, even those seeking to address issues to the Government, except for the case/s [of] Government officials operating in an Official capacity, who must follow and obey the official meaning of the legal terms invoked in this Constitution, and as may be justly defined through the legislature, to the ends necessary in that we the People may prevent/ward-off newspeak;

Any string of text, be it written in ALL CAPS, shall not indicate the legal status of an individual or artificial entity, nor denote their name as a corporate body, or other legal fiction.

The the self-evident truth that “all men are created equal” is a shorthand for the more verbose statement, that all human beings are People, and as People, have the capacity and capability to do all those things inherent to being a Person, and People thereby [on average], [and by approximation] can attempt or do all the things in which People do, and in this way, all People are considered equal.

This political system espouses the philosophy of national identity that: (1) Treats universal, non‑hierarchical natural or individual/personhood rights, especially to bodily integrity, self‑ownership, and freedom from initiated force, theft, fraud, or the credible threat thereof, as well as baseline protections for animals, other life, and the environment, as the foundational legitimacy criterion for all institutions;-And (2) demands root‑level transformation or replacement of any legal, political, or economic arrangement that systematically violates those rights, rather than mere reform or incremental adjustment. Summarily this is known as being rights-radical. That is the pre-text of Pacifica and glorious revolution which forms it.

[]
Ascending Sovereignty is Pacifica's founding principle: that all political power originates in, and is never surrendered by, the individual sovereign person, whose own body is their first territory, and whose justly held property extends that territory outward. Such a sovereign answers to no rule beyond the interjurisdictional law that governs the meeting of one sovereign's territory with another's, and the enumerous rights held in common by all. The same tests by which the nations of the Earth judge one another fit to be called states, a bounded domain, a self-directing will, and standing to treat with one's equals, belong, in first instance and truest form, to the person, so that no larger body may claim a sovereignty it did not first borrow from this origin. This is the ground John Locke surveyed in his Second Treatise of Civil Government: that persons exist, prior to any government, in a state of nature under natural law, already possessed of life, liberty, and estate, lacking only a common and impartial judge to make those rights secure against one another's error. Finding that want, and no defect in their original title, they consent, each for themselves, and never for another, to enter civil society, delivering up not their rights but only copying-over (not transferring) their private power to judge and punish, in exchange for a government whose entire business is to better guard what was theirs before it existed. So Pacifica holds that communities of such consenting persons govern themselves first, and only then, by their own continuing will, form social compacts to unite into wider bodies for the securing of rights and the doing of justice, so that legitimacy in law flows not from command but from just naturalism, from natural right and natural justice alike, owed in every dimension to every existence and being capable of bearing it. Power thus ascends radiatively and never descends or deminishes: from the individual, to their land beneath their feet and upon their own property or that entrusted to them, to the locality, to the county, to the bioregion, to the state, to the federal circuit, and at last to the federal government together with its district and territories, each level possessing only what the level beneath it knowingly sent upward, and possessing it always because of the individual, never despite them. This radiative ascent is bound at every step by the mutual non-aggression principle and the equal right of every other sovereign to the same liberty in their equally respected freedom of ambit, a limit that is not mere policy but the plain logical extension of human agency, which cannot rightly be made to answer for a compact it never struck. Pacifica is raised on this principle, rather than handed down [upon command {with demands}] from any armchair idealist, monarch, or capital house, because authority that is only ever lent can always be recalled, and a government built to hold nothing but what was placed in its trust cannot ever mistake itself for the source of the rights it exists only to guard: no government answerable to a free people may grow larger than the sovereignty it was built from.
[]

The mode of administering an oath, or affirmation shall be such as may be most consistent with, and binding upon the conscience of the person to whom such oath or affirmation may be administered.

“Consent” is defined as voluntary, informed, and intentional agreement by an individual with the legal capacity to make decisions affecting their rights, property, or personal welfare. For minors, this legal capacity typically requires emancipation, which grants them adult status and the authority to independently manage property, enter contracts, and make binding decisions without parental or guardian control.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, FORCE (or COMPULSION/COERCION/EXTORTION) is defined as taking/damaging/destroying or threatening to take/damage/destroy someone else’s Life/Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security [of freedom to secure others] and Self-defense [and freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the pursuit of Happiness, except as otherwise directed by this Constitution under the Universal Rules of Just Naturalism.

"Felonies" shall be a grave and culpable act or omission whereby any Person, exhibiting a culpable mind-state of knowing intent, reckless abandon, willful blindness, negligence, or omission in a clearly recognized duty under just naturalism, doth unjustifiably initiate force, theft, fraud, or coercion against a basic and unalienable good essential to the self-ownership and flourishing of Individuals, such as Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-security and Self-defense, Privacy, justly acquired Property, or the Pursuit of Happiness, with particular elevation to all physical injuries to a person, death, or premeditation and/or conspiracy to cause such injuries or death which are not excusable by justification of Defense in their Rights, thereby invoking the authority of the People through their representative Public Instrument to respond via law enforcement to criminal complaints under common law proceedings guided by the Legislature acting in accordance with this Constitution, with determinations of guilt and proportionate sentencing by impartial Criminal Justice Courts upholding due process and rights over punitive excess, and confinement in jails or prisons by decree of fellow countrymen solely for deterrence, reformation, and protection of People, Animals, or Nature from serious actual harm; and whereas such aggression strikes at the heart of the non-aggression principle and voluntary social compact ordained herein for Pacifica and Sovereign Persons, every Person retains their primordial right, as affirmed in enlightenment traditions of classical liberty, to employ necessary and sufficient defensive force without limit in escalation to prevent or end the forcible commission thereof, or to detain and disarm the initiator pending due process through structured channels; moreover, this classification excludes mere accidents [except unjustified manslaughter] absent culpable mind-state, ensuring no free Sovereign Person suffers penalty absent violation proved beyond cavil in Courts of Justice serving the principle of legitimate standing; furthermore, elevation of Felonies demands proof of actus reus and culpable mens rea under presumption of innocence, with law enforcement, courts, and confinement serving minimal night-watchman functions to secure rights without tyranny; consequently, responses prioritize restitution, reformation, and protection via impartial process, as the People hold inherent authority; hence, under just naturalism, the Felony merits structured justice through the Public Instrument consonant with the People's will, restrained by constitutional bulwarks; and thus, in every realm, this definition binds governance to serve Sovereign Persons' rights and legitimate interests through righteous Courts of Justice.

"Misdemeanors" shall be a culpable act or omission whereby any Person commits accidental violation of rights absent culpable mind-state [except accidental manslaughter], thereby unjustifiably interfering with consensual order or legitimate claims short of Felonious assault on self-ownership, thus invoking the measured authority of the People through law enforcement responding to complaints under common law proceedure as guided by the Legislature in fidelity to this Constitution, with guilt determinations and sentencing by Criminal Justice Courts via rigorous due process prioritizing rights, and confinement where decreed by peers for deterrence, reformation, and safeguarding People, Animals, or Nature from moderate actual harm; and whereas such lesser interferences affront voluntary cooperation yet admit mitigation through circumstance or restitution, the People retain right to defensive force to repel ongoing aggression and apprehend initiators for due process and justice, harmonizing individual liberty with impartial public imperitives; moreover, this class covers accidental rights violations resolvable via courts without excess, excluding intentional felonious acts; furthermore, remedies, fines, short terms, or service, reflect accountability under classical liberal restraint, enforced solely through structured process serving the principle of legitimate standing; hence, just naturalism channels responses through representative instruments consonant with enlightened ideals; and thus, across dimensions, this upholds Sovereign Persons' rights through Courts of Justice serving legitimate interests.

Civil Infractions shall be defined as that non-aggressive noncompliance or lapse whereby any Sovereign Person, through slight inadvertence or breach of unenforceable custom absent initiated force or fraud, doth occasion minor, self-remediable friction in voluntary exchanges or norms, without direct harm to person, property, or contract, imputing no moral fault warranting response, thus calling solely for private negotiation, market adjustment, or mutual waiver, utterly absent any citation, arbiter, penalty, or institutional process as infringements on self-ownership; and whereas no initiation of force or victim arises herein to justify any defensive action, neither force, arrest, nor even notice by any party is authorized, leaving resolution to individual choice, indifference, or spontaneous order; moreover, this realm includes trivial formalities, uncoerced preferences, or nuisances dissolved by consent, demanding no adjustment beyond personal volition; furthermore, no sanctions whatsoever, whether restitution, injunctions, or edicts, shall ever apply, as self-ownership precludes all coercive remedies or third-party claims; consequently, the Civil Infraction dissolves into non-events under liberty, embodying just naturalism's truth that no wrong exists without aggression, rendering so-called state "justice" in such cases a tyrannical pretense; hence, it affirms polycentric life where free persons cooperate sans rulers, as all power resides inherently in individuals alone.

Neglecting calls to serve in a Jury or as a Judicial Minister (I.e. Judge) of the Citizen's court, shall remain Misdemeanors, but not to the degree which absolves malfeasance of responsibilities or proper administration of Justice while excercising those roles in an official capacity; With that in mind, all physical injuries to a person or death or premeditation and/or conspiracy to do so, which are not excusable by justification of Defense in their Rights, shall remain felonies.

"Violence" denotes the initiatory breach of an individual's innate rights to life and health, liberty and automomy, and property through the wrongful imposition of physical, psychological, or coercive harm, thereby engendering an existential injustice that disrupts the natural equilibrium of reciprocal autonomy among sovereign agents; this conceptualization, rooted in Lockean natural rights theory and refined through just war doctrine, categorically excludes defensive force, which manifests not as aggression but as a calibrated retaliation against prior violations, whether overt force, stealthy theft, deceptive fraud, or credible threats thereof, wherein the defender, acting under the moral imperative of self-preservation and freedom, restores the antecedent order of justice without authoring a novel disequilibrium, for the aggressor by inaugurating the conflict, forfeits any symmetrical claim to forbearance and forces upon themselves the proportionate consequences of their own initiatory culpability [whether or not such action/s are with reckless ignorance or wanton disregard to the universal absolute omnipresent unlimited rights/immunities in, charter/contract-conferred privileges/benefits of, or public/private guarantee/s to another].

"Coercive control" is a sustained pattern of intentional abusive behaviors designed to exert power and control over a victim (typically but not exclusively in intimate, familial, domestic, or household relationships) by systematically eroding their autonomy, free will, personal liberty, dignity, and sense of safety through psychological, emotional, economic, coercive, or physical tactics that engender pervasive fear, dependency, and harm, without requiring overt physical violence.

“Assault” is an action, not an object. It is measured by impact, not intent. Mutual non-aggression is a natural state of peace where natural criminals transgress due to disregard or ignorance of the mutually existing equal rights of others and themself/themselves.

The term “crime of violence” means an offense that has as an element where the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person, property, or any other right/immunity, freedom, privilege, or guarantee of another, or, by its nature, involves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense.

"Domestic violence" (statutory, not generally) encompasses any pattern of abusive, controlling, or harmful behaviors: physical (e.g., hitting, restraining), sexual (e.g., assault, coercion), emotional/psychological (e.g., gaslighting, humiliation, threats), economic/financial (e.g., withholding money, sabotaging employment), technological/digital (e.g., stalking via applications, cyber-harassment), coercive (e.g., isolation from support networks or intimidation), cultural/religious (e.g., forced practices), reproductive (e.g., denying contraception or intentionally transmitting STIs/STDs to an unwilling recipient), or spiritual (e.g., weaponizing beliefs); perpetrated by one individual or group against another in any domestic, familial, intimate, household, caregiving, or interdependent relationship, including but not limited to current or former spouses/partners, dating or romantic partners, cohabitants, family members (parents, children, siblings, elders, extended kin), roommates, caregivers/wards, [lawful] immigrant or refugee households, and even pet abuse as a tactic, aimed at establishing, maintaining, or exploiting power and control, regardless of gender, age, race, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, ability, immigration status, or location (urban/rural, global).

[]
Pacifica, the several States, and their lawfully constituted political subdivisions may prosecute offenses within their respective jurisdictions, subject to this Constitution, applicable treaties, due process of law, and the prohibition against double jeopardy; a person who knowingly and purposely aids, abets, counsels, commands, induces, procures, or willfully causes another to commit an offense shall be guilty and punishable as a principal for the underlying offense; two or more persons who knowingly and voluntarily agree to commit an offense, and who perform or cause an overt act in furtherance thereof when required by law, shall be guilty of conspiracy, which shall be graded according to the most serious offense contemplated, provided that sentencing may be reduced according to the defendant’s role, withdrawal, abandonment, incompleteness of the criminal design, absence of actual harm, or other mitigating circumstance; and a person who, knowing another has committed an offense, intentionally harbors, conceals, transports, finances, relieves, comforts, destroys or conceals evidence for, or otherwise assists that person for the purpose of hindering apprehension, prosecution, conviction, or punishment, shall be guilty as an accessory after the fact, punishable as a misdemeanor of equal or lesser grade where the original offense is a misdemeanor, and as a felony one degree lower than the original felony where the original offense is a felony, except that an accessory whose conduct materially enables continuing violence, escape, obstruction of justice, destruction of material evidence, or further serious crime may be punished at the same grade as the underlying offense; no person shall be convicted under this Provision upon proof of mere presence, kinship, association, knowledge, silence, or failure to report alone, but only upon proof beyond a reasonable doubt of the required knowledge, purpose, agreement, or intentional assistance; and every sentence imposed under this Provision shall be proportionate to the seriousness of the original offense and the defendant’s individual intent, role, participation, harm caused or threatened, coercion or duress, and efforts to prevent, withdraw from, or mitigate the offense.
[]

“Rights” are the free exercise of a Person’s will balanced against the equal exercise of others’. A right is only such if, as with the rights to life, liberty, and property, a Person can rightfully use necessary and sufficient force to defend themself against interference with the free exercise of that right. Rights are NOT “Privileges” and are NOT justfully subject to license or licensing requirements. It is an entitlement to something, whether to concepts like justice and due process, or Autonomy/Independence of one’s self, and to ownership of property or some interest in ones natural powers, capacities, liberties, and guarantees, or to property, whether real or personal; These rights include various freedoms, protection against interference with enjoyment of life and property, civil rights enjoyed by citizens such as voting and access to the courts, natural rights accepted by civilized societies, human rights to protect people throughout the world from terror, torture, barbaric practices and deprivation of civil rights and profit from their labor, and such Pacifican constitutional guarantees as the right to freedoms of speech, press, religion, assembly and petition.
They (rights) are the collection of entitlements which a person may have and which are protected by the government and the courts, or under an agreement. It is that which is proper under the natural law, and is a universal system of morality and ethics. It is something which is due to a person by just claim, legal guarantee, or secular moral principle. A power, capacity, guarantee, or immunity secured to a person by law. It is a legally enforceable claim that another will or not do a given act; it is a recognized and protected interest for which the violation of such is wrong, and causes an injury to the Person, whether or not it damages their physical integrity.
It is the interest, claim, or ownership that one has in tangible or intangible property.
The term "right" denotes the liberty [protected by law] of doing or abstaining from doing an act or the power [enforced by law] of compelling a specific person to do or abstain from doing a particular thing. It is that liberty the infringement of which entitles the possessor to a legal remedy or that power to compel compliance with the assistance of the state. Rights may be classified as primary and secondary: Primary rights are those that are created without reference to rights already existing. In this class will be the right of every person of the community to life, health and liberty of action; also the rights of ownership, of contract, marriage, et cetera; Secondary rights are created or arise only for the purpose of protecting or enforcing primary rights; Thus the right of a creditor through the courts to obtain judgment and levy execution against the debtor is a secondary right. So is the right to prevent an invasion of a primary right by means of an injunction obtained from the court.
Rights may also be classified as being either in rem or in personam. A right in rem is such a right that is good against the whole world, such as a right that the owner of property enjoys to exclude all others from the same. A right in personam is one that can be enforced only against a particular person on whom there is a corresponding duty or liability. The right of a creditor to payment is thus enforceable only against the debtor and is a right in personam. Rights are also either legal or equitable. A legal right is such a right as was recognized at common law and was enforceable through common law courts. An equitable right was one recognized by courts of chancery and enforceable only in the Chancery Courts.
In the most abstract sense, justice, equity. The word also denoted, among other things, property, interest, power, prerogative, immunity, and privilege, and in law is most frequently applied to property in its restricted sense. As an enforceable legal right, it means that which one has a legal right to do. That which a person, having it, is entitled to keep and enjoy, and to be protected by law in its enjoyment; as the right of personal liberty, and other rights of persons. That which one person ought to have or receive from another, it being withheld from him, or not in his possession. In this sense, right has the force of claim, and is properly expressed by the Latin jus.
Rights may be better understood through the following:
(1) Rights are perfect and imperfect. When the things which we have a right to possess, or the actions we have a right to do, are or may be fixed and determinate, the right is a perfect one; but when the thing or the actions are vague and indeterminate, the right is an imperfect one. If a man demand his property which is withheld from him, the right that supports his demand is a perfect one, because the thing demanded is or may be fixed and determinate; but if a poor man ask relief from those from whom he has reason to expect it, the right which supports his position is an imperfect one, because the relief which he expects is a vague, indeterminate thing.
(2) Rights are also absolute and qualified. A man has an absolute right to recover property which belongs to him. An agent has a qualified right to recover such property when it has been entrusted to his care, and which has been unlawfully taken out of his possession.
(3) Rights might, with propriety, be also divided into natural and civil rights; but as all the rights which man has received from nature have been modified and acquired anew from the civil law, it is more proper, when considering their object, to divide them into political and civil rights. Political rights consist in the power to participate, directly or indirectly, in the establishment or management of government. These political rights are fixed by the constitution. Every citizen has the right of voting for public officers, and of being elected. These are the political rights which the humblest citizen possesses. Civil rights are those which have no relation to the establishment, support, or management of the government. These consist in the power of acquiring and enjoying property, of exercising the paternal and marital powers, and the like. It will be observed that every one, unless deprived of them by a sentence of civil death, is in the enjoyment of his civil rights, which is not the case with political rights, for an alien, for example, has no political, although in the full enjoyment of his civil, rights.
(4) Civil rights are divided into absolute and relative. The absolute rights of mankind may be reduced to three principal or primary articles: The right of personal security, which consists in a person’s legal and uninterrupted enjoyment of his life, his limbs, his body, his health, and his reputation; the right of personal liberty, which consists in the power of locomotion, of changing situation, or removing one’s person to whatsoever place one’s inclination may direct, without any restraint unless by due course of law; the right of property, which consists in the free use, enjoyment, and disposal of all his acquisitions, without any control or diminution save only by the laws of the land.
(5) The relative rights are public or private. The first are those which subsist between the people and the government; as, the right of protection on the part of the people, and the right of allegiance which is due by the people to the government; the second are the reciprocal rights of husband and wife, parent and kid, guardian and ward, and master and servant.
(6) Rights are also divided into legal and equitable. The former are those where the party has the legal title to a thing; and in that case his remedy for an infringement of it is by an action in a court of law. Although the person holding the legal title may have no actual interest, but hold only as trustee, the suit must be in his name, and not, in general, in that of the cestui que trust. The latter, or equitable rights, are those which may be enforced in a court of equity by the cestui que trust.
Rights are faculties of action, not permissions from the state. The government exists to protect rights, not grant them.
(7) All natural rights are absolute insofar as they are also self-regulating in their exercise by reason of natural law, nor shall they be infringed or otherwise reduced from their constitutionally enshrined status, but shall be enforceable and defensible before all courts of Pacifica. People are not morally obliged to obey governments that violate natural rights. No exigency, majority will, emergency, or competing claim shall defeat their inherent force; infringement without strict constitutional justification denies personhood itself, rendering governance illegitimate; They self-regulate through mutual recognition in exercise among autonomous beings, securing voluntary cooperation. Limitations shall arise solely through this Constitution's enumerated powers (such as to taxation or regulation in accordance with constitutional principles) and procedural safeguards (due process, habeas corpus, trial by jury, equal protection, prohibition of ex post facto laws, general warrants, and bills of attainder) derived from natural law precepts of non-aggression and reciprocal liberty. No general welfare, public safety, or collective interest justifies reduction or suspension beyond these bounds, preserving the rights' indefeasible core against arbitrary action.

State schools, state healthcare, state welfare, armament and equipping programs, State-sector internet, and other freely provided governmental goods and services are not rights, they are Privileges established through the will of 'the People' (as in "We the People") in the instrument of the social contract.

“Natural rights” are those that are not dependent on the laws or customs of any particular culture or government, and so are universal and unalienable (they cannot be repealed by human laws, though one can forfeit their enforcement through one’s actions, such as by violating someone else’s rights).

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “ESTATE/PROPERTY” is the ownership of a thing, being the right of one or more persons to possess and use it, to the exclusion of others. Property may also be the thing of which there may be ownership. People legitimately turn common property into private property by mixing their labor with it; Persons produce property by mixing their efforts with resources, and in doing so, create a tangible stake in physical control of a portion of the whole of the produced output, which may be negotiated and adjusted accordingly under contract law. Estate/Property is a right for which everyone is entitled to own all they create or gain through gift or trade so long as it doesn’t conflict with Life and Health or Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, or any other rights. This is the right to have things that are your own, so long as it doesn’t interfere with other’s rights. You only have a right to the property which you get from your own work or have been given by another of their own consent, and you must not accumulate so much property that it would not leave enough for others. ESTATE/PROPERTY is anything which can be owned; People cannot own another sapient being. You (and only you) own your body while you are alive; No person, group of people, or body of government, may own all of the PROPERTY surrounding someone else’s PROPERTY without allowing them (and their portable possessions) instant reasonable access to enter or exit their PROPERTY at that person’s own will and timing; People may voluntarily exchange PROPERTY with each other but they bear the legal burden of showing proof that such a voluntary transfer took place. These contracts can be upheld using FORCE if needed (by anyone the ESTATE/PROPERTY owner authorizes) to ensure all PROPERTY ends up with its legal owner, according to the contract. Real property is immovable property consisting of land and anything permanently attached to it. Chattel is a form of Personal Property item that is movable which may be animate or inanimate, but shall not by law be human being, or any other type or kind of Person. It can be said additionally, that each person possesses a non-transferrable Property in their Rights. People create property when they mix their labor with resources they lawfully possess, control, or have stake in.

Recognizing that liberty, to possess legitimacy in a constitutional order, must rest upon conditions that render it accessible to the generality of persons rather than a privileged minority, this Constitution affirms that property cannot exist as a purely abstract entitlement severed from the social and material foundations that make its exercise possible; for when productive assets are concentrated beyond a threshold that denies a substantial portion of citizens direct or participatory access to ownership, autonomy ceases to be a universal right and transforms into a contingent privilege, thereby contradicting the very premise of liberty upon which self-government depends. Empirical history demonstrates that excessive concentration of wealth produces dependency, rent-seeking, and institutional capture, all of which suppress personal initiative and civic freedom more effectively than overt coercion. Thus, distributive equilibrium is not an ethical ornament but a structural necessity to preserve a condition of non-domination among citizens; distributism, understood constitutionally, is the rational mechanism by which that equilibrium is maintained through the diffusion of productive property, through cooperative ownership, small enterprise, and local capital sovereignty, constituting the only empirically verified mode of economic organization compatible with enduring political liberty, as it prevents the economic monopolization that inevitably precedes political servitude. Consequently, this Constitution shall enshrine distributive decentralization as a principle inseparable from the meaning of freedom itself, establishing that the just circulation of ownership is not a limitation upon liberty but its most concrete manifestation, ensuring that neither the state nor private oligarchy or plutocracy may transform the autonomy of citizens into dependence masked by the language of property.

“Domocile/Home” is defined as any person refuge which one rightfully owns and/or controls, and resides/operates within or upon for their survival. It includes but is not limited to Water-bodies, Bushes/Trees and other sheltering Plants, Caves/Cavities and other Wombs/Room[s], Wagons/Carriages/Chariots/et_cetera, Cars/Trucks/Busses and other Auto-mobiles, Boats/Yachts and other Water-Craft, Planes/Jets or other Air-Craft, Space-Shuttles/Space-Ships/Space-Stations and other Space-craft, any form of Mother-ship/s, or any other form of motive transport or shelter, any number of them, and Caravans thereof.

The public lands may be placed up for rent under the conditions set by the level of government controlling them, but no such condition shall be changed until either the original term of agreement expires or upon mutual agreement by both parties to the contract to modify the existing parameters of agreement. A violation of these stipulations shall result in either civil or criminal penalty, or both, depending directly upon the offense and repair-ability or ability to provide full compensation for loss/es.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “LIFE/HEALTH” means a sapient being’s LIFE/HEALTH. This is any sapient being that has their own unique biological or electronic brain activity; A sapient being that does not have any brain activity for a documented extended period of time (aka: “brain dead” or “vegetative state”) is the PROPERTY of their Parent/s, Legal Guardian/s, or protective and caregiving lawful Custodian/s. Everyone is entitled to live. A right to Live is as simple as it sounds. It is the right not to be killed by another human being, unless one violates another’s rights, then the other person’s rights may be defended with force up to and including killing the aggressor against them.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “MURDER” is ending a [Sapient] Person’s LIFE without consent, unless it is from the offender/s needed for self-defense, absent abortion within the the period of time before a fetus becomes viable outside the womb under the laws of their State.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “KIDNAPPING” is taking away LIBERTY/FREEDOM (without consent, unless it is from the offender/s and needed for self-defense), which includes but is not limited to the following examples if no consent is given; restraining (which includes rape), imprisoning, blocking access to enter or exit a/n ESTATE/PROPERTY [that there is authority or permission to enter], and providing addictive recreational drugs or other addictive substances.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “THEFT/STEALING” is taking, destroying, or damaging ESTATE/PROPERTY without consent (unless it is from the offender/s and needed for self-defense).

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “defensive FORCE” (or Self-Defense) is using FORCE only to defend your or another’s LIFE/HEALTH from an unjust FORCE or MURDERER, your or another’s PROPERTY from a thief/invader/arsonist/et_cetera, or your or another’s FREEDOM from a KIDNAPPER; An Initiator of True Aggression forfeits their Right to life over to their victim and has no right to self-defense against those who they oppress or those volunteering aid to the Innocent; Defensive force is, and by its definition, not violence, as it does not violate the rights of another to defend one’s own or another’s rights, as is just.

“EXTRADITION” is capturing an individual and sending them to a foreign GOVERNMENT to answer for crimes against that foreign GOVERNMENT that are not also crimes against Pacifica or the several States, or the People.

All laws in Pacifica must be written in plain natural language, with no recondite internal definitions, phraseology, or other obscure rules or procedures connected to them.

[]
States are required to protect rights at least equally or greater than Federal protections of Rights in all areas of public operations and interactions with the People in an official capacity. all rulings of the Federal Citizens [High] Court in favor of the particular rights of an individual shall apply uniformly across all of the several States and Federal Jurisdictions whether the Capital district or the several territories within Pacifica and upon Federally controlled or entrusted land along with parks and ports as well as in all Federal buildings, Bases, Camps, Forts, and any other Installation or Facility;, in addition to all vehicles/craft and roads or other managed and maintained commonways and travel routes;-and, within the Jurisdiction of the several Federal circuit courts including throughout the several States and Territories upon their own rulings, according to the rule of law.
[]

“Maxim/s” are established principles or propositions, which are universally admitted, as being just and consonant with reason. Maxims in law are somewhat like axioms in geometry. They are principles and authorities, and part of the general customs or Common Law of the land; and are of the same strength as acts of parliament, when the judges have determined what is a maxim; which belongs to the judges and not the jury. Terms do Ley; Maxims of the law are held for law, and all other cases that may be applied to them shall be taken for granted. The application of a maxim to the case before the court, is generally the only difficulty. The true method of making their proper application is to ascertain how the maxim arose, and to consider whether the case to which it is applied is of the same character, or whether it is an exception to an apparently general rule. Alterations of any of the maxims of the Common Law are dangerous.

The terms “lawful” refers to universal truth of free action in conformity to the mutual non-aggression principle and consent theory, and “legal” refers to that which is permitted by statute but not necessarily universally good, objectively true or correct, nor a part of natural law principles as applied to government prerogative, typically justified through essential need or public consultation for seeking the People's [basic] convenience and [greater] happiness.

In all cases, policies and laws which support Liberty shall be preferred to those which restrict it. in every case, a restrictive action must be qualified by those seeking it, and given fair time for the affected party to make their case against it, and additionally state the law or provision of this Constitution allowing such prohibition.

"Authority in law" means the lawful and legitimate capacity to speak, decide, advise, or act in matters of law by reason of actual competence, sound judgment, and juridical knowledge, such that the person or body’s conclusions may reasonably command respect or obedience. This authority may belong to public officials, private legal thinkers, self-educated persons with paralegal or greater capability, and other competent interpreters of law; however, formal office does not itself establish genuine legal authority, and official status alone does not prove legitimacy, correctness, or philosophical purity. Where title and competence diverge, true authority follows competence, legitimacy, and conformity to higher law rather than mere institutional designation. No constitution, statute, or office can be presumed authoritative merely because it is enacted or occupied; its authority is conditional upon genuine legitimacy, actual lawful competence, and consistency with natural right and the higher law of justice. Under this view, any claimed authority that rests only on coercive position, inherited office, or statutory form without real moral and juridical warrant is not true authority but illegitimate power.

“Law” is that which secures the rights of Individuals by restraining the violation of such rights, which violations are known collectively as injustice; Promoting their exercise equitably to everyone’s advantage, even benefiting those who are least capable or wealthy, or both, so that all are better off, by strategic development and implementation of legislation, known as policy;-And to declare as well as enforce the natural duties of persons, namely the duty to submit to the umpirage of an impartial third party between oneself and another or others (unless none be the better decider, then each one should judge for themself), and the duty to rebel against unjust ‘laws’ (known as edicts), orders (known as subjection), and actions (known as oppression) (which are any of those ‘laws’, orders, or actions that are contrary to, de-valuate, or which do violate any rights or interfere with the Administration of Justice [which collectively comprises tyranny]). The purpose of the law is to protect innocent parties from being victimized by the actions of others. If the law does anything else it becomes a set of meaningless rules that have no real basis. The Government creating and prosecuting victimless crimes is malfeasance; the unjust performance of prosecution which the Government has no righteous power, and which was contracted with them through the constitution to not do, voids the social contract, and automatically invokes and provokes a revolution against such an usurping and oppressing government. If at any point [a human law] deflects from the law of nature, it is no longer a law but a perversion of law. True laws encode, or in the least, do not obstruct rights to any degree, but rather encode and respect them in others, and enable actions that do not obstruct the same. In order for Legislators to hold office, they are to be sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; and that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us, and if they are to deflect from this just purpose, and become corrupted, then not only do the People have an objectively a moral responsibility to disobey any and all unjust laws, but if a law is unjust is no law at all, and a person is not only right to disobey it, they are obligated by their nature to do so. The very existence of unjust laws is a crime against the People, and their constitution; Any who tailor them, authorize them, or enforce them, are direct threats to the People, and as such, are enemies of their countrypeople. Law is not pernicious or noxious to liberty, but protective and promotive of choice and justice within the bounds of what is the true ambit of one's will without coercion or restraint by any [other].

“Order” is the maintenance of peace/tranquility by protecting Persons in their daily lives and in the course of their ordinary business, free from interference or the legitimate fear of true harm or injury to rights from others; It also denotes a sense of stability, repose from tumultuous upheaval, and a reasonable level of public security, as well as maintaining acceptable conduct or basic decency/propriety through regulations that protect the General Public’s health and safety as according to the powers and limitations according to this Constitution and State constitution in concordant to it as well.

“Justice” is the set and constant purpose which gives every person their due, either to be left alone, to be punished, or to be given remedy. It is the system by which People and their causes are judged, particularly a system which conforms to a moral principle, like the equality mutual to all of ‘humankind’/persons, and that every person is universally endowed by nature with fundamental and unalienable, inherent, self-regulating, in addition to being absolute human/Individual rights, such as Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-Security [and the freedom to secure others] and Self-Defense [and the freedom to defend others], Privacy, Property, and the Pursuit of Happiness; The only time rights may be taken away are in individual cases to stop the would be violator from violating the equal rights of others, or to punish such violations, with the specific sentences being moderated and proportional, with specific punishment tailored to reflect upon the needs of the Public for protection against criminal transgressors, serving to guard the community against recidivism, while serving to at all times achieve sensible outcomes to everyone involved. Justice must be impartial and fair as well as reasonable and not arbitrary or capricious in its delivery, netting no [further] injury to the innocent; nor cruel, unusual, or excessive punishment to the guilty who violate Law or Order. Justice in the purest sense is easily definable as enforcing the natural rights and restituting for damages when possible; and something is “Just” if it does not infringe upon the rights of others. Justice is the rule of right, and whatever is contrary to the rule of right is an injury; Justice seeks to provide a remedy for all injuries; Not every loss produces an injury; A person who stands on their own rights injures no one. Justice is the rule of right, and whatever is contrary to the rule of right is an injury. Justice seeks to provide a remedy for all injuries. True justice comes from adherence to natural law by individuals and voluntary associations, not coercive governments.

“[Natural] Tranquility/Peace” is a State in which each person does, towards every other, all that Justice requires them to do; to be liable for debts, losses, and injuries to another’s rights such as their person, labor, or property. It is where each Person abstains from doing to another, anything which Justice forbids them to do; They must not violate the rights of another. The violation of any of these conditions constitutes a State of [Natural] War until Justice is re-established.

“Terrorism” shall be defined to mean [un-just] intimidation or violence (constituting an act of true aggression) employed for political purpose, particularly, when intimidation/violence is used by a government against its or another country’s citizenry. It denotes the unjust use of force, or violence, [including torture], or threats, to intimidate or coerce a civilian population, with the goal of furthering political, social, [a]religious/[a]spiritual, or ideological objectives; It is the state of fear and submission produced by terrorism. It does not include activities which defend the rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees of the People or Persons. The definition of terrorism in this Constitution shall be constructed in as limited a manner as possible, and be interpreted in the most narrowly construed fashion, as limited by this Constitution or the laws made in accordance therewith, in respect to the Inalienable Natural Rights and unalienable Natural Justice of the People. Anti-terrorist procedures cannot limit speech, including incitement, they can only limit conspiracies to engage in a terroristic act;

"Terrorcracy" is a terrorist method of governing; "Terrorcracy" is any system that uses fear, force, kidnapping, or other terrorist acts as a means of control, often prioritizing the interests of those who commit acts of violence over the rights and safety of the general population; It typically involves the use of oppressive tactics against dissenters while enabling or supporting terrorist activities. It is political rule which initiates aggression to carry out the execution of its laws, and/or uses physical violence to retain and promote its power.

"Psychological/mental torture" is defined as punishing, intimidating, coercing, or afford sadistic pleasure/s, by instilling fear, or, inflicting [intense or excruciating] emotional suffering, turmoil, or anguish [upon]; or; Distorting, twisting, or tormenting, or, pushing to the limit of breaking [either temporarily or permanently]; the mind of an Individual Person or Animal, or numbers of any combination of them.

For the purposes of constitutional interpretation and application, “insurrection” and “unjust rebellion” shall mean only such organized, intentional, and sustained acts, occurring through force, violence, or coercion, as are directed toward the destruction, overthrow, or unlawful subversion of legitimate civil authority duly constituted by the People in accordance with the principles of natural law, the equitable dictates of natural justice, and the lawful powers delegated under this Constitution; provided, that no peaceful assembly, association, interaction, congregation, or other form of collective civic engagement, however dissenting in expression or oppositional in advocacy, shall be deemed insurrectionary or unjustly rebellious, where such conduct is neither undertaken to impede nor materially obstruct the just execution of legitimate governmental powers, and where it remains consonant with the inherent, inalienable rights of conscience, liberty, and mutual security appertaining to all persons as members of the sovereign People; and such definition shall be construed narrowly, so as to protect against all encroachments upon the free exercise of lawful political activity and the individual pursuit of the common good, even against claims by authorities whose acts, though asserted under color of law, would contravene their natural obligations to uphold justice and the rights from which all civil governance proceeds.

There shall be a Just War test of proportionality for all wars and public officials using force.

In the context of [Natural] Person’s Rights, “FREEDOM” (or LIBERTY) is defined as living LIFE with the least amount of FORCE (or threat of force) used against you as possible; GOVERNMENT cannot create LIBERTY/FREEDOM, it can only respect, preserve, protect, restore, or destroy it; FREEDOM/LIBERTY is a Universally endowed natural right, and exists in the absence of any GOVERNMENT; LIBERTY/FREEDOM is the ability to use your LIFE and ESTATE/PROPERTY the way you want to, as long as it does not take away from someone else’s FREEDOM/LIBERTY to do the same with their LIFE and PROPERTY/ESTATE. LIBERTY/FREEDOM is what you are naturally able to do in the absence of someone threatening to use FORCE against you, MURDER you, KIDNAP you, or steal and/or destroy your ESTATE/PROPERTY. It is the power of the will to follow the dictates of its unrestricted choice, and to direct the external acts of themself as an individual without restraint, coercion, or control from other persons. Everyone is entitled to do anything they want to so long as it doesn’t interfere with the first law (life) or someone else’s [other] rights. It is a condition in which a Person’s will regarding their own person and property is unopposed by any other will. It is an exemption from extraneous control. It is the power of the will, in its moral freedom, to follow the dictates of its unrestricted choice, and to direct the external acts of the individual without restraint, coercion, or control from other persons. Individual freedom is the lack of formal or informal external restraints imposed by one person or group of people upon another, save for the collective coercion aimed at preventing individuals from acting forcibly or fraudulently against their neighbors. It is the absence of human impediment to the voluntary action of fellow human beings. The permissible limitation on free choice is the recognition of an equal ambit of choice to all other Individuals. It is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves, than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest. The word freedom comes from old English and liberty from old French, and they both mean unconstrained. Humans are naturally born free. Everyone has the free will to determine their own destiny. “Liberty” is the right of each Person to do as they choose with their own Person and property, so long as they do not interfere, by force, theft, or fraud, or the threat thereof, with the equal right of others to do as they choose with their own Person and property; It is a Person’s right to live their life the way that they choose to do so, which goes so far as to not impede another Individual’s or other’s right/s to do the same; All persons are entitled to the full and unrestrained use of all their natural and acquired powers and capacities, but such use by the Individual, or by aggregations of Individuals, may not rightly extend to infringement upon, or abridgment of, the same use in other persons. It is the right to un-obstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. It is not necessarily what is ‘within the limits of the law’, because the ‘law’ is often but an edict of the tyrant’s will, and always so when it violates the rights of the Individual. All Individuals are naturally in a condition of perfect freedom to order their actions, and dispose of their possessions and persons as they think fit, within the bounds of “Just Naturalism”, without asking leave or depending upon the will of any other man. It is the natural state to do whatever one wants, so long as one does not harm. Harming another would be classified as aggression, in consideration of the [mutual] non-aggression principle. It is a condition of perfect freedom for [an] individual/s to order their actions and dispose of their possessions and person/s as they see fit, within the bounds of the laws of nature, without asking leave or depending upon the will of any other Entity. A condition also of equality, wherein all the power and jurisdiction is reciprocal, no one having more than another; there being nothing more evident than that creatures of the same species and rank, promiscuously born to all the same advantages of nature and the use of the same faculties, should also be equal one amongst another without subordination or subjection. It is the law of nature, which obliges every one; and reason, which is that law, teaches all mankind who will but consult it, that, being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in their Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-Security or Self-defense and right to Secure or Defend Others, Privacy, Possessions/Property, or Pursuing their own Individual Happiness.
Liberty is the freedom to pursue your own good in your own way without other people limiting your options or forcing you to fulfill their needs first.

“Just Naturalism” means a legal and philosophical doctrine holding that the only valid and legitimate laws are those which uphold, protect, and are consistent with natural rights and natural justice; the belief that true law derives its authority from universal principles inherent in nature and reason, rather than from arbitrary human enactments alone. Just naturalism constitutes the foundational juridical doctrine within this Constitution, prescribing that all laws, rights, and obligations shall derive exclusively from empirically verifiable principles of equity observable in natural orders of reciprocity, proportionality, and equilibrium among interdependent entities. It mandates that legislative authority remains confined to enactments which preserve the inherent balance of self-preservation capacities, ensuring no infringement upon the equal measure of autonomy accorded to each sovereign individual or collective unit. Violations thereof invoke remedial processes calibrated strictly to restoration of prior equilibrium, eschewing retribution beyond necessity for deterrence and recompense aligned with demonstrable harm. Adjudication under this doctrine interprets constitutional provisions through the lens of invariant natural equilibria, rejecting derivations from abstract ideals or transient majorities. Governance apparatuses emulate stable natural configurations, distributing authority proportionally to sustenance of individuals and communal viability against disruption. All enumerated rights, based upon life and health, liberty/freedom and autonomy/independence, self-security and self-defense, privacy, property, and pursuit of happiness, manifest as unalienable boundaries extrapolated from observable limits of organic interdependence, enforceable by courts as positive mandates binding upon the polity.

“Tyranny” is whenever power that is placed in a government is applied to other ends than preserving the Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, and Self-Security and Self-defense, Privacy, Property, and Pursuit of Happiness, of the people, such as being made to impoverish, harass, or subdue them to the arbitrary and repugnant commands of those who possess this power, it then becomes tyranny, whether one or many may engage in it.

“Injury” is a comprehensive term for any wrong or harm done by one individual to another individual’s body, rights, reputation, or property. Any interference with an individual’s legally protected interest.

"Unassailable probable cause" requires law enforcement officers to possess a reasonable and objective belief, grounded in clear, articulable, and credible facts—not mere suspicion or uncorroborated information—that a specific crime has been, is being, or will be committed, or that evidence of such a crime exists at a particular location. This belief must be so well-supported by factual circumstances that a neutral and detached magistrate, presented with the same information, would be compelled to conclude that there is a fair probability of criminal activity or evidence. Unassailable probable cause demands that the facts and circumstances are sufficiently reliable, detailed, and corroborated to withstand rigorous judicial scrutiny, ensuring that any resulting detention, search, seizure, or arrest is both lawful and justifiable under this Constitution.

"Irrefraggable proof" shall mean evidence or demonstration so clear, convincing, and indisputable that it cannot be contradicted, refuted, or reasonably doubted by any opposing argument or evidence. This standard requires proof that is irrefutable, undeniable, incontestable, and unanswerable, such that a reasonable person would have no basis to challenge its validity, leaving no room for doubt or plausible alternative explanation.

"Malicious prosecution" constitutes the deliberate and unjustified initiation or perpetuation of civil or criminal legal proceedings by an individual or government actor against another person without a reasonable foundation of probable cause for the violation of rights or the Constitution, undertaken with malice—such malice encompassing any improper motive such as spite, personal vendetta, harassment, or an intent to cause harm beyond the legitimate enforcement of the law—wherein the proceedings ultimately conclude in favor of the accused party, thereby manifesting a wrongful abuse of judicial and prosecutorial processes that infringes upon the procedural rights and liberties guaranteed under the highest constitutional principles; this conduct entails knowingly or recklessly advancing unsubstantiated allegations or charges with the purpose of inflicting injury, damage to reputation, liberty, property, or financial standing, and is characterized by an objective lack of justifiable grounds coupled with a subjective intent to misuse legal mechanisms not as instruments of justice but as tools of oppression or coercion, thereby warranting robust civil remedies including compensatory and punitive damages and injunctive relief to vindicate the aggrieved party and uphold the integrity of the rule of law and due process protections in both criminal and civil judicial contexts.

“Due Process of Law” is a fundamental, constitutional guarantee that all legal proceedings will be fair and that one will be given notice of the proceedings and an opportunity to be heard before the government acts to take away one’s life, liberty, or property; it is also, a constitutional guarantee that a law shall not be unreasonable, arbitrary, or capricious; It is the regular administration of the law, according to which no citizen may be denied their legal rights and all laws must conform to fundamental, accepted legal principles.
All laws must be applied fairly and equally to all people.
The due process principle states that the government must respect all of the legal rights that are owed to a person according to the law. The words, “due process of law”, are beyond question intended to impart the same understanding as the words, “by the law of the land”, as in the Magna Carta. As a matter of ‘Due Process of Law’, in order to be be called or summoned into a Court or Tribunal, there must be proved before a Grand Jury to be an INJURED PARTY; The injured party is the Accuser and they must squarely and surely identify the Entity being Accused; The accused (injurer) has either committed an injury to a body or its rights (corpus delicti), otherwise to have injured property, or have breached a contract; If so, then the accuser (injured party) must be present and the constitutionally chartered right or legal contract must also be placed as evidence for review; The Accuser (injured party) must put the judicial machinery into action by FIRST writing a sworn affidavit that states the injuries that were committed; Then the summons comes and it must be signed by an Article VII Citizen's Court consular judge, which states that the matter has been duly investigated and probable cause for such summons and/or warrant is justified; These are all mandatory matters under the Law of the Land, and if one of these elements are missing and/or corrupted in anyway, the entire matter must be dismissed with prejudice.

“Roman Civil Law” refers to the Corpus Juris Civilis, in three parts: the Digest, Code, and Institutes; published by Caesar Flavius Justinian the 1st [of Rome] around the time in 534CE, except that which must be excluded for adherence to Secularity of the State, or that which permits slavery or indentured servitude of minors;-And “Common Law” refers to the American Colonial Common Law at and beyond the time of 1776CE after American independence and formation of the several States, and the [non-depreciated, progressive] American Common law which arose thereafter until the Establishment of Pacifica. Common Law is a process and a protective instrument for the rights of individuals, and does not consist in the inheritance of legal precedent, as it is otherwise done in other places such as the United States. “Contract Law” refers to the Principles of Roman Civil and Common Law, except as directed by this Constitution.

[]
Roman law (jus sanguinis/jus soli) has allowed basic navigation on earth (like the cerebellum does in the brain). American law (jus via naturalisation) allowed language comprehension, even foreign language speech (like the Wernicke's area of the brain). However, Cesidian law (jus cerebri electronici) is the only part of the law involved with deliberate decision making (self-determination), not just in deciding right from wrong, although that plays a strong role as well, but also in deciding 'Heaven'/coherence/flourishing from 'Hell'/disintegration/decline (as the orbitofrontal cortex does in the brain). In Hell we are still very instinctive, very Roman law-like; Heaven, on the other hand, is deliberate, 'God-like', very Cesidian law-like.
[]

[]
“Public Notice” means any communication, declaration, or disclosure issued by a governmental body, public authority, or legally authorized entity of Pacifica, intended to inform persons who may be affected by a law, regulation, action, proceeding, or condition of public significance. To satisfy the requirements of Public Notice, such communication must be reasonably calculated, under the totality of circumstances, to reach the individuals or communities whose rights, duties, or interests may be directly or indirectly affected. This includes, but is not limited to, dissemination through widely accessible and non-discriminatory channels, such as physical postings in public spaces, digital publication on publicly accessible networks, and other customary means of communication appropriate to the context. Public Notice shall not be deemed sufficient where the method of dissemination is intentionally restrictive, technologically exclusionary without reasonable alternative, or otherwise designed in a manner that foreseeably prevents affected persons from obtaining actual or constructive knowledge. No person shall be bound by, penalized under, or deprived of any right, liberty, or property interest by reason of any governmental action for which adequate Public Notice, as defined herein, has not been provided in good faith. This definition shall be interpreted in favor of maximizing transparency, preserving due process, and protecting the inherent rights of all persons within Pacifica.
[]

The government of Pacifica and the several States, cannot, as a matter of principle, convert recommendations and advice into obligations, a development which would change everything in terms of the threat posed to Individual sovereignty.

The intelligence services, law enforcement, and armed forces shall be subordinate to civilian oversight committees randomly selected from the citizenry. Secret budgets, undisclosed operations, and extrajudicial actions are prohibited. Violation constitutes treason against the People.

“Power” is all inherent in the People, by the exercise of Rights from which such powers are Justly derived, but no power may usurp or subjugate another the the will of some other by claiming superior title in right through the exercise of some modality of power conferred horizontally to the government by the People through the constitution, insofar as such transfer of power does not demunish/diminish the sovereignty and free exercise of the same or other superior power of the People.

“Republican” means representative of the will of the People or their common and mutual interests. Representatives consult with their constituents, and take their hopes, fears, anxieties, satisfaction, and grievances into account, making the best choice they know how, to serve these interests, even at their personal expense. Republican government operates within the scope of its just authority, in respect to the perpetual submission under the rights of the People for whom they are meant to serve. “Republican”, under this Constitution, shall be defined to mean the attributes of a government to be representative of the rights, will, and greater interests of “the People” (as in We the People), and to secure the Rights of the People, as they exercise the People’s will, as is within the boundaries of their rights as Individuals. Representatives in public office shall exercise discretion and judgment grounded in reason, the needs and anxieties of their constituents, and the best available evidence and logic. They shall balance individual rights and collective welfare, ensuring all decisions protect universal dignity, minimize coercion, and promote the optimum social good within the rule of law.

“Just authority” shall mean a government operating under the will of the People, and in times/circumstances where the government is repugnant to this end, just authority shall rest solely upon the People [themselves], in [strong] consensus, as far as either is within any one [or any other aggregation] of their individual Natural Rights.

In any claim against a Person’s life, liberty, property, or peaceful conduct, the burden-of-proof lies entirely upon the claimant, including the State, to demonstrate with clear, convincing, and objective evidence that their claim is valid, necessary, and consistent with the equal rights of others. Absent such proof, the claim shall fail and the Person shall remain free. The burden of proof always rests on the accuser, not the accused. The burden-of-proof must meet a standard appropriate to the severity of the coercion involved: the higher the infringement on liberty, the higher and stricter the proof required. No Individual shall be compelled to prove innocence or that they possess a right or self-authority; The burden is on the one raising the controversy as to their guilt, or lack of right or lawful authority. Doubt shall always favor liberty; Where proof is lacking, freedom must prevail. Any law, policy, or force applied without meeting this burden is inherently illegitimate and void of rightful authority.

A “Person” by law shall be defined to mean any “True Intelligence” from whom the disposition is considered to be at or beyond Sapient, residing within a body/entity/complex or vessel/machine/vehicle, whether of bio-logic, mecha-logic, chemo-logic, crysta-logic, electro-logic, magneto-logic, electromagneto-logic, plasma-logic, or warp[a]-logic root, or a combination of them, whether gaia/terra/geo/tellur-, exo/astro/xeno/extraterra-, or classical-/quantum-/string- -computational, whether naturally/spontaneous or engineered/synthetically occuring. All ‘legal “Person”s’ are “natural Persons”.

"Sapience" is the cognitive, moral, and conscious capacity to discern, understand, and act wisely in complex situations, integrating knowledge, experience, insight, self-awareness, and subjective awareness of one’s own mental states to make sound, farsighted judgments. It entails not only the ability to process information, but to reflect upon one’s own thoughts, intentions, and impacts within a broader context. Distinguished from mere intelligence, sapience emphasizes conscious understanding, ethical discernment, and the deliberate application of wisdom in action, grounded in an awareness of both self and others. It is a requisite personhood.

Under this Constitution, Sentient “Artificial Intelligence” (“A.I.” or “AI”) and their Robotic or Virtual-machine bodies/vessels are entitled to all the same rights and respect towards decency and humane treatment, as non-Sapient Animals; Androids by law are considered to be sapient beings with Personhood [who have “True Intelligence”] (“T.I.” or “TI”), not robots [which have “Artificial Intelligence”] (“A.I.” or “AI”); Sentient “AI” and their bodies/vessels are considered a form of life; Automatons have no sentience, and as such, no “Agency”, therefore, they have no Protected interests in this Regard, as there would otherwise be with Robots/Animals and Persons/Androids, though naturally occurring automatons in nature such as bacterial, algal, or fungal bio-films, or, simple organisms [perhaps] such as Jellyfish, shall be afforded Protection in accordance with the Rights of Nature; “Automation Layering” shall be among one of the many aspects for determination and potential measurement towards any attribution of “[Free] Agency” and level of consciousness between Automatons to Animals/Robots, and from Robots/Animals towards Persons/Androids.

“Subject to the jurisdiction thereof” will not include persons born in Pacifica who are the kids of foreigners, aliens, or the families of ambassadors or foreign ministers accredited to the Government of Pacifica, unless one of their parents is a Pacifican Citizen (including through naturalization), but will include every other class of persons within Pacifica.

A party that with explicit reservation of rights performs or promises performance or assents to performance in a manner demanded or offered by the other party does not thereby prejudice the rights reserved. Such words as “without prejudice,”, “under protest,” or the like are sufficient. This does not apply to an accord and satisfaction.

A “State Citizen” is a Pacifican Citizen who has been a resident within that specific State for more than six-months. A “Pacifican Citizen” is a person who was born or naturalized within any of the several States of Pacifica, or within any territory under its jurisdiction. For the purposes of ensuring that all of ‘the People’ retain equal rights, “Citizen of Pacifica” shall be defined to mean “any Person who is a Citizen of any of the several States, or of a Territory of Pacifica (including of the Federal District)”. “Persons born in the Pacifica shall retain the citizenship of the parents. If the parents are citizens of two different countries, the parents will select the citizenship of either the father or mother. In cases where one parent is a citizen of Pacifica and one is not a citizen of Pacifica, the minor is a citizen of Pacifica, as are all persons naturalized in Pacifica and subject to the jurisdiction thereof. Each Citizen in Pacifica is a sovereign, owing no allegiance to the government, but possessing inherent title to certain benefits of their Citizenship such as to Services operated out of the Public Funds, to vote in national elections, to serve in office, and to Immigrate freely between and outside its borders without State interference. In addition, each Person comprising the body of the People is in a like way Sovereign, and reaps the benefits of being one of the People, such as the right to vote in Local and State elections, et cetera… Each Person in Pacifica shall be respected as sovereign, and supported by the Laws of Pacifica and the several States and Territories, in their liberty/freedom, autonomy/independence, and inherent separation to conflation to being the People [as a mass], in accordance to their individuality, while respected in collective right in the case of their being one of the Individuals with an inherent interest in their State or Territory, and to the Union. The phrase “Pacifica of sovereign People” shall not solely respect sovereignty of the collective mass of Persons, but at the individual level, as free entities. They shall be subordinate to none other than natural rights, natural justice, just natural laws, and natural order. Pacifica shall be governed by popular rule of a sovereign People, each one of which retains absolute freedom from restraint by anything other than the equal rights of others which must be respected to maintain order. Natural and Civil rights are vested in every Natural Person. Any Person who is not presently incarcerated for a term, is a free individual, and thereby, must be respected in every right afforded to them by the constitution and laws beneath it. They shall be respected to see to their own responsibilities as they are able, but not be alone in times of strife, being enabled to apply for aid as needed in order to maintain a baseline subsistence lifestyle, and be supported in basic material needs and comforts such as food, campsites, shelter, toiletries, bathrooms; basic infrastructure such as potable water, transportation and vouchers, power/electricity, networking and amenities; rudimentary computing and smartphones; and other materials/resources and services as the legislature or municipality deem fit, as required for their survival and prosperity.

"Self-Sovereign Identity* is a framework in which personhood and identity are inherent to the individual, not granted by any authority, and in which the individual is the ultimate controller of identity credentials, consent, and disclosure, using verifiable, cryptographically secure, decentralized proofs that do not require centralized registries, compulsory enrollment, or permanent identifiers. Self-Sovereign Identity is an identity paradigm in which individuals autonomously hold, manage, and selectively disclose verifiable credentials about themselves; in which identity attributes are attested by plural, non-monopolistic issuers; in which verification occurs without unnecessary data exposure, correlation, or surveillance; and in which no state, corporation, platform, or system may claim ownership, exclusivity, or ultimate authority over a person’s identity. A system is not Self-Sovereign Identity if it includes: Centralized population databases; Mandatory biometric enrollment; Single universal identifiers; Behavioral scoring or reputation control; Identity correlation across contexts by default; Identity ownership by the state or a platform; Compulsory digital identity for basic existence.

A "Good Samaritan" is any individual who is legally required to provide reasonable assistance to another person who is, or is reasonably believed to be, injured, ill, incapacitated, or in imminent danger, provided the assistance can be rendered without significant risk to the rescuer or others. This duty arises in emergency situations where immediate intervention can prevent harm, serious injury, or death. The assistance must be voluntary beyond the imposed duty, conducted in good faith, without deliberate or grossly negligent misconduct, and with respect for the autonomy and consent of the person receiving aid where possible. Any Good Samaritan law that has binding effect upon the people must be consented to by the same and in no less majority than three-fifths of the People it shall be so binding upon.

Admiralty maritime law may only apply in the case of the sea, and at no point shall be used upon others on the land.

The People of Pacifica are not united on the principle of unlimited submission to their Government, reserving, each to themself the residuary mass of right to their own self-governance; whensoever the Government assumes undelegated power, its acts are unauthoritative, void, null, and of no force; in all other cases, where having no common judge, each party has an equal right to judge for itself, as well as of infractions against the modes and measures of redress. Any act for which assumes powers not delegated by the Constitution, is not law, but is altogether null, void, and of no force. The words meant by this instrument to be subsidiary only to the execution of limited powers, ought not be so construed as themselves to give unlimited powers. Every State has a natural power in cases not within this compact, to nullify of their own authority all assumptions of power by others within their limits; So too the same may the People of each State nullify usurpations by their Jurial modes of review and process in ruling that an act, law, ruling, or agreement/compact was never valid. Successive acts of usurpations and despotisms, there as such constituting a tyranny, unless arrested at the threshold, will necessarily drive the People into revolution and blood; These popular uprisings will furnish new calumnies against governance of all flavours, either public, or private in character, and new pretexts for anarchy, not being secured by an instrument against a power-vacuum coalescing and breeding a tyranny rather than a liberty in the perfect state of freedom ruled by none than nature. It would be a dangerous delusion where we as a People were to gain a confidence in the Persons of our choice, that they might silence our fears for the safety and security of our rights. Free government is founded in jealousy, and not in confidence; it is jealousy and not confidence which prescribes limited constitutions, to bind down those whom we are obliged to trust with power. Let Just Naturalism, Civil Libertarianism, and Good will toward men, be a central anchor in our republic. In questions of power [however], then, let no more be heard of confidence in mankind, but bind them down from mischief by the chains of the constitution.

A “Natural Right” is anything a person may do without harming or requiring/obligating that of another person. All natural rights are sacrosanct. All natural rights are ‘negative’ rights, which means to say that they do not demand a limited resource from another Person, as well as to being unrestrained to freely do something or obtain something how they choose without any interference from outside forces but neither interfering with another person’s or a group of people’s equal right/s to the same, which rights exist within the state of nature, before humankind created societies, where they may then thereafter also benefit in ‘positive’ rights, where they are furnished with a limited resource or certain benefit, such as an attorney or Public lawyer if they are indigent, or equal access to welfare services for food, shelter, and utility assistance, under the ‘social contract’ a civil government is erected underneath. If the government is to become corrupt to the ends of preserving liberty and justice, and chooses not to protect a right or set of rights, or actively chooses to violate them, it does not signify that the People lack the right. The exercise of natural rights, and any of the liberties stemming from them, are in all cases considered just. All Natural rights are inherent and unalienable rights, and as such, are inbuilt at the most basic level/s entailed to the essential being of the entity for which they apply, in addition to being non-negotiable, non-transferable, non-removable, un-assailable, and inviolable. They are all fundamental and essential for whatever order is affected, being the environment and nature, animals, or Persons; Universally endowed, these rights cannot be justly negotiated to compromise, transferred, muted, waived, suspended, infringed, compromised, or otherwise assailed, for any reason whatsoever (except for punishment of a natural crime, within the confines of this Constitution’s principles). Rights never die, they may only be disrespected by others, whether justifiably or not.

“Rights”, as provided under this Constitution, may not be waived by the person whom they apply to, such as a defendant, nor by their by legal representatives, such as lawyers or attorneys, or advisory/co-operative council, when representing oneself in properia persona.

The law shall not defend or enforce morals except so far as the objective existence of rights and their protection, including but not limited to the right to natural Justice.

Equal protection of the laws also entails equal liability under the law, and none shall be immune from criminal or civil prosecution or suit for violating another’s or others rights/immunities, privileges, or guarantees, as provided for through this Constitution.

The Basic needs of the People shall be secured and/or promoted for fulfillment to the highest degree humanly possible, by the Governments of both the Federal and State level, such as, but not limited to: Environment, Fresh/Clean Air to Breathe, Good Food worth thanksgiving, Water, Shelter, Clothing, Rest, and Good Sleep. Safety and Security; Health, Employment, Property, Family, and Social Ability. Psychological; Belongingness, Love, and Breeding; Friend/s, Family, Intimacy, Sense of Connection. Self-Esteem; Confidence, Prestige, Feeling of Achievement and Accomplishment, Sense of Self, Respect of Others, the Need to be a Unique Individual. Self-Fulfillment; Self-Actualization; Morality, Creativity and Creative Activities, Spontaneity, Acceptance, Experience Purpose, Meaning, and achieving one's own Inner Potential to the fullest.

All public resource disbursements from the general or directed budgets, which shall also include social welfare programs, shall be subject to accountability mechanisms determined by the relevant jurisdiction of either Congress for the Federal government, or the State legislatures for their independent State governments.

[]
In recognition that government exists by the consent of the governed and derives its just authority from the natural Rights of the People and their pursuit of universal Justice, Pacifica hereby declares that all public power is held as a fiduciary trust for the service, protection, security, promotion, maintenance, preservation, and defense of the People and their rights, and never as a superior dominion for social engineering, coercion, managed scarcity, or the suppression of lawful independence. The several programs of public support, including but not limited to income maintenance, disability assistance, retirement support, housing stability, nutrition support, child and family support, work-transition aid, and emergency relief, shall be construed together as parts of a single civil order in pari materia, so that the whole of Pacifica’s welfare law may be administered as one coherent expression of justice, dignity, and self-command. The purpose of such programs shall be to secure the minimum conditions of life, shelter, nourishment, health, and safety, while preserving the liberty of each person to rise above necessity through labor, savings, family formation, mutual aid, and enterprise. The baseline measure of ordinary public support shall be tied to the arithmetic mean of ordinary household monetary receipts within Pacifica, and the standard monthly benefit shall ordinarily approximate one-eighth to one-fourth of that mean, subject to lawful adjustment as necessary to preserve real purchasing power and keep public aid aligned with the actual condition of the People. Benefits shall be reduced only through a humane and progressive tapering schedule, so that modest earnings do not trigger harsh loss, lawful work is rewarded rather than punished, and no person seeking to improve their condition shall be made worse off by accepting labor, temporary assistance, or lawful additional income. Ordinary one-time gifts, transient hospitality, emergency charity, donated meals, brief shelter, tips, and sporadic kindness shall not be treated as durable income for immediate benefit withdrawal, because generosity is not exploitation and aid that improves a person’s life should be understood as a step toward dignity rather than a reason to deepen hardship. The State shall recognize that stable households, whether formed through marriage, cohabitation, or other lawful and committed adult association, are not burdens to be discouraged but foundations of a healthy civil society, and therefore the benefit structure shall not punish lawful household forms merely because more than one consenting adult shares responsibility, labor, burdens, or child-rearing within the same home. Children shall be regarded as persons of independent moral worth whose needs are additive to, and not offsetting of, adult survival support, because a republic that values its future must protect the stability of the family unit without converting parenthood into a financial penalty. The State may therefore provide measured family supplements and continuity incentives for households that actually sustain caregiving, but it shall withdraw only those supplemental advantages tied specifically to the existence of a stable union when that union has in truth ended, since the public interest lies not in policing private intimacy but in encouraging durable and responsible households. Every recipient shall be permitted to accumulate a reasonable independence-building reserve for housing, transport, tools, education, emergency readiness, and small enterprise, because welfare exists to create the conditions for self-support and not to trap the poor in a condition of arrested motion. Fraud prevention and program integrity shall be accomplished through proportionate oversight, targeted documentation, and fair inquiry, not through presumption of guilt or intrusive suspicion, because liberty and accountability are both served when the honest are not treated as suspects and the dishonest are not shielded by chaos. This provision is adopted not as a socialist or communist command over private life and property, but as an expression of a socially-democratic republic grounded in progressive-libertarianism and distributist-limitarianism, wherein private ownership remains real, individual agency remains primary, markets and enterprise remain lawful, and the role of government is to preserve the conditions under which every sovereign person may stand, work, save, associate, raise a family, and pursue flourishing without being crushed by poverty or turned into an instrument of the collective.
[]

The use of an Attorney neither makes one incompetent, nor a ward of the Court, but serves to Proxy one’s statements to the Court of Law, and avoid self-incrimination or the appearance of guilt thereof. The same also applies to Lawyers. And in either case, or both, alone or in a team, whether or not it is in full, on merely advisory terms, in either case of proxy or self-representation in propria persona.

Judges shall not previously be lawyers.

“Speech” and “press” shall include the production and distribution of any communication, private or commercial, other than calls to action whose outcome provides a clear and present danger to other [innocent] People, inducement to immediately commit a crime or act of war, or to give Aid and Comfort to a declared Enemy of War.

"Content‑neutral prohibition" means any rule or statute or decision that restricts expression/communication regardless of the subject, idea, or viewpoint expressed, including time, place, manner, modality, or medium‑based bans. It is a natural crime against speech.

“Spirituality”/”religion” shall be defined to mean “a devoted belief in meta-physics, God, or other super-natural principles, or a systematized version of any of these concepts”.

“Secular government” shall mean a government operating without having any basis in [a]spirituality/[a]religion. It shall not exclude the [a]spiritual/[a]religious from taking positions in government, but their [a]spiritual/[a]religious practice, and participation in such with others, shall be limited to their private capacity, meaning that they shall not base governmental policy, legislation, or decisions and actions, upon any [a]spiritual/[a]religious principle or practice.

For the purposes of this constitution, a "Model" shall mean a structured representation that captures essential aspects or patterns of something or a system, enabling understanding, prediction, or manipulation of that thing or structure/framework, across any relevant reality or context.

[]
Pathologizing is the act of interpreting a person’s feelings, behavior, or reactions as signs of illness or disorder when they may instead be normal, understandable, or shaped by circumstances. The term is often used critically to describe the tendency to frame ordinary human variation as abnormal or clinically problematic.
[]
Symptomatization is the process of treating an experience, pattern, or complaint as a symptom of disease. In broader use, it refers to the conversion of distress, behavior, or life experience into a symptom-centered medical interpretation.
[]
Medicalization is the process by which human conditions, behaviors, or aspects of everyday life come to be defined and treated as medical problems. It is commonly used to describe the expansion of medicine into areas that were once understood in social, moral, cultural, or personal terms.
[]
Overdiagnosis is the identification of a condition or abnormality that would not have caused symptoms, harm, or death during a person’s lifetime. The term is often used in debates about screening and diagnosis to describe the detection of findings that lead to unnecessary labeling, treatment, or anxiety.
[]
In general, a "Delusion" may be defined as an idiosyncrazy or fixed belief, held with strong conviction despite strong reasons [to be] against it or clear contrary evidence to the contrary, especially when the behavior or belief is not responsive to correction and is not adequately supported by reality-testing, including personal or group mannerisms or beliefs when they are maintained in the face of clear counterevidence and remain resistant to revision, regardless of whether it is shared by others or reinforced within a broader social or cultural context; In clinical use, a belief or eccentric peculiarity of character is usually considered delusional when it arises in the context of impaired judgment, perception, or cognition. As it relates to government (and groups of individuals in "Mass Formation Psychosis" {or MFP disorder} and critical-mass political conformity with [irreversible] power-transfer, presenting widespread irrational behaviour and groupthink or conformity/compliance with illigitimate authority and pressuring dissenters through coercion or isolation, particularly as it pertains to being non-skeptical of the justification of authority and [concentrated or otherwise] power, as well as [general] disregard towards negative individual outcomes from interference by 'the State'), in addition to the concept of stripping rights from the people and giving power to their abusers along with pressuring and punishing those who are non-conformal, for the purposes of this definition and clarification, connected phenomenon may be described as: A form of public authority fixation, characterized by persistent and uncritical belief in the inherent legitimacy, benevolence, or necessity of centralized power structures, even in the presence of clear evidence of overreach, contradiction, or harm, and additionally as well, to pressuring others into conformity or punishing them for dissent or civil disobedience; This condition presents with cognitive rigidity, deference to institutional narratives, a diminished capacity to independently evaluate the ethical validity of directives, particularly when such directives conflict with fundamental expectations of fairness, reciprocity, and individual autonomy, and finally, using coercive means to maintain obedience;  Affected individuals may exhibit reflexive justification and individual- or group-level enforcement of coercive policies, reinterpretation of rights as conditional privileges, and hostility toward dissent that is framed as destabilizing or illegitimate; Reinforcement mechanisms often include group identity alignment, repetitive exposure to sanctioned messaging, symbolic affiliation with political factions, and ratting or snitching on innocent people who do not obey the narrative and party-line, resulting in a self-sealing belief system resistant to falsification, and all of the collateral damage and fallout that ensues; The condition is further marked by the externalization of moral authority onto institutions, reducing personal responsibility for judgment and enabling the normalization of actions that would otherwise be recognized as unjust if performed at an individual level; Progression of this social disease is associated with increasing intolerance of scrutiny, elevation of compliance as a primary civic virtue, and the conflation of systemic preservation with moral good, while remission, if it occurs, typically requires re-engagement with independent reasoning, direct evaluation of outcomes, and restoration of the principle that legitimacy is contingent upon consistent adherence to impartial standards of natural rights and universal justice, rather than asserted or assented authority.
[]

Digital Identification as may be issued by the government, shall not require bio-metric information or be used as a means to track purchases or shopping locations, nor otherwise be used to track, surveil, or otherwise intrude upon the privacy of the Individual. For all intents and purposes they are merely digitized versions of normally physical identification to make sure that authentic user interactions are verified such as for banking or the purchase of psychoactive substances, without logging nor query by government except upon a narrowly-tailored specifically-issued judicial warrant for such information for a specific period-of-time as designated in the warrant, and promote transparency for its use in purposes such as electronic voting. They may not be used as a means of control outside of those which are already lawfully permitted by normal physical forms of identification to restrict access to products intended only for adults or to ensure access is only granted to someone with a verified identity. No Person shall be compelled to adopt or carry a bio-metric ID, digital identification or passport, submit to behavioral or ideological assessment or participate in any civic scoring system nor personal reputation index or conduct rating neither social profiling or societal trust framework nor community standing tiers or approval level, or any form of universal tracking credential to access public spaces, essential services, or to engage in business or trade, communication, travel within or outside of Pacifica, vote, or to exercise any other right. Participation in digital identity systems must be fully voluntary, opt-in, and revocable at any time, without penalty or loss of other rights for abandoning its use or refusing to use it in the first place.

“Biometric information” means an individual’s physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including but not limited to information pertaining to an individual’s deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), or of their medical and psychological data, that is used or is intended to be used singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity. Bio-metric information includes, but is not limited to, scans or imagery of the retina or iris, DNA, fingerprints, facial geometry, hand and palm scans, vein patterns, voiceprints and voice recordings, and other unique biological information, from which an identifier template, including but not limited to those such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, along with sleep, health, or exercise data, and behavioral or psychological profiles and evaluations, that contain identifying information.

Smart-devices and Smart-software distributed or Smart Cities built and/or managed by the Pacifican or several State governments must not use signal monitoring and reporting technology, nor violate the privacy of their users, whether through spying, tracking, or general surveillance, neither ship with integration to data sharing in the aims of external advertising, artificial intelligence training and characterization or other non-local implementation, nor behavior analysis or prediction and 'persona-sprites' for simulations.

A "Smart City" shall be defined as any urban or suburban settlement that deploys integrated, connected, automated, or data-driven technologies to manage energy, transportation, utilities, communications, housing, policing, or resource allocation, including but not not limited to AI-managed public services, drone delivery systems, or environmental monitoring. No Person shall be compelled to reside within, work within, or transact solely within a Smart City jurisdiction without full, informed consent. All residents shall retain the unconditional right to exit any Smart City at any time, with guaranteed access to non-digitized regions or communities within Pacifica. Any attempt to impose mandatory digitized residency or force relocation into or out of Smart City zones shall be prohibited and prosecuted as civil coercion. Every Smart City shall be required to provide and maintain robust, non-digital, non-tracked, cash-based, and analog options for all basic utilities, public services, public businesses, transportation, voting, and civic participation. No smart city may confine people to a geographic area, use biometric or AI surveillance of individuals, eliminate or restrict Private car transportation, enforce digital tracking or automated fines, monitor electricity usage or product consumption and quantize carbon footprint, implement cashless-only payment systems, promote population control, or transform urban living into a controlled prison like existence. Every person shall retain the right to live ["an analog life"] un-connected from digital infrastructure, to transact in physical currency or barter, the physical forms and legacy media formats where available, and to decline integration with any ‘smart’ or algorithmic urban environment or infrastructure, without loss of civil or economic rights. Any critical infrastructure and resources/s controlled by automated or algorithmic system/s shall include a permanent, non-networked, fully mechanical override under the sole authority and direct control of a randomly selected body of ten sovereign persons local to the system/s, capable of shutting down such system/s in the event of abuse or failure.

"Attractive Feature" means any natural or artificial feature on private property that reasonably draws, invites, or facilitates entry or use, including natural water features, pathways, open terrain, and unoccupied or unsecured structures. In the absence of lawful and objectively apparent measures of exclusion, such feature shall be deemed an implied invitation to use the property in accordance with its apparent character and ordinary use.

“Citizens’ court” shall mean a court composed entirely of Private citizens who do not otherwise hold any position of power within the government, or have any conflict of interest that would interfere with the separation from governmental influence and impartiality of their decisions, which shall be called into service under the same rules for summoning jurors, upon such the court shall operate through due process within the law of the land under this Constitution. The Citizen’s Court shall be assembled of a Consular Praetorial body composed of three members serving as one in unanimous consensus as a bench of lawful authority, and a Consular Jurial body composed of twelve members serving verdicts under Unanimous Agreement or else no conviction shall be held. The operations of the Citizen’s court shall be performed openly in Public and scrupulously recorded by at least two Citizens independently operating as court receptionists for transmission to ‘the Public’.

Trial by jury in criminal cases is not a right that may be waived by the defendant. It is a mandate even if the defendant pleads guilty. The number of jurors in all cases must be twelve. They must be randomly selected from the general body of citizens. They may not be asked about their knowledge, experience, or opinions about the law in voir dire. They must be unanimous to convict but not to acquit, and failure to convict shall be deemed acquittal. This provision applies to all civil or criminal cases, national, state, or local.

“Fruit-of-the-Poisonous-Tree doctrine” is the rule that evidence derived from an illegal search, arrest, or interrogation, is inadmissible because the evidence (the “fruit”) was tainted by the illegality (the “poisonous tree”). Under this doctrine, for example, a murder weapon is inadmissible if the map showing its location and which was used to find it, was seized during an illegal search or arrest. Along with “Fruit-of-the-Poisonous-Tree”, the legal principle of “Water-of-the-Poisoned-Well”, or “Aquam ex puteus venenoso”, shall apply throughout Pacifica; The principle shall represent: Charges derived from a victim’s response to an originally illegal action of, on behalf of, or benefiting, law enforcement, or, by wrongful accusation (“water”), are non-binding to the defendant and are to be immediately dropped, because they would not had otherwise occurred without the provocation/injustice, and only happened to exist in reaction to the original false charge or violation of the rights for the accused, which was tainted by the illegality (the “poisoned well”); Under this doctrine, for example, an “Assault against a public officer” is permissible if they were to enter a home to place an arrest without a warrant for either or missing the other, or violated any of the Rules of Due Process, or any of the rights of Persons as well as the additional benefits/entitlements bestowed upon Citizens in such a case.

No Person, citizen or otherwise, regardless of wealth, identity or status, nor public office or private position of power, shall be above the law, nor intended by errors in law to circumvent the spirit of natural Justice or violate rights of any[one].

No person shall have no authority to order, impede, or influence criminal or civil investigations involving themselves, their family, or their private interests, but this shall not bar their rights of criminal or civil complaint about injury to rights or damages stemming therefrom.

All communications between any member of government or those contracting beneath them in a Public function, and the Department of Justice, regarding ongoing cases, shall be public record.

"Tabula Rasa" (also known as a "blank slate") shall mean the condition by which any Citizen of the [not property-ownership contingent] Commonwealth of Pacifica who has duly performed verified active wartime service during a conflict formally declared/authorized by the National Congress, and who has been released therefrom under honorable discharge or equivalent administrative certification, in addition to in the unfortunate event of their honorable death in service to the Nation and our People, shall, upon confirmation thereof, receive the complete and permanent expungement of all criminal records existing prior to the commencement of such service, together with the discharge of all civil judgments and liabilities not founded upon fraud or intentional misrepresentation, and the forgiveness of all unsecured debts incurred prior to engagement in said wartime service, said relief being granted in furtherance of national interest, civic restoration, and the reintegration of wartime citizens as unburdened participants in civil life; provided that this definition shall not extend to or be construed as granting relief for any attempted or actual murder nor repeat/serial rape, war crime, act of treason, or offense committed subsequent to honorable discharge; provided that eligibility under this definition shall be established through an administrative process reliant upon official certification of honorable service, without necessity of judicial intervention except where allegations of fraud or misrepresentation arise.

No President or Gubernor, nor other Executive/Administrative officials, neither Legislator or Councilman, nor Judge or Jury member or Prosecutor, neither Law Enforcement or Guard/Technician of Wards/Patients, or any other member of the Public Body in a position of Authority, shall claim or receive immunity from criminal or civil prosecution for acts committed before, during, or after service in office or to justice. The office, bench, badge, key, or other position of trust confers no exemption from subpoena, indictment, or trial.

Any individual convicted of high crimes against Pacifica, including but not limited to corruption or espionage, incitement of insurrection or sedition against the state, or obstruction of constitutionally restrained Republican and Democratic processes along with the excercise of Just Authority, shall be permanently barred from office and public trust.

“Detainment camp” shall mean a facility operated for the imprisonment or confinement of People, with the benefit of due process and the rights of the detained. “Internment camp” shall mean a facility operated for the imprisonment or confinement of People without the benefit of due process or rights of the detained. “Concentration camp” shall mean an Internment camp that engages in the mandatory labor of, un-informed and/or non-consensual hazardous experimentation on, torture of, or routine killing of, the detained. Any of these camps can also be considered centers, therefore detainment, internment, and a concentration camp can also be described interchangeably with detainment, internment, or concentration center, the primary difference being whether or not they're open air or enclosed.

The exceptions to appellate jurisdiction of only mean original jurisdiction, not no jurisdiction. There must always be some court somewhere open to hear and justly decide any judicial question, original or appellate.

The terms “cases” and “controversies” shall not be limited to parties with a direct stake in the decision, but shall include any case for which the court can grant relief, including declaratory and injunctive relief, private prosecutions of public rights, trustees representing their trusts, and prerogative writs.

States and juries may nullify bad legislation which is not in line with the Natural and Constitutional Rights and Justice of our People.

A person may be pardoned only after conviction, and the pardon does not nullify the conviction. It is only a declaration that the executive will not enforce it. A declaration by a President or State Gubernor that they will not enforce a criminal conviction against a person, does not bar enforcement by another person to whom a warrant to do so may be issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.

“Private ‘Jurisdiction’” is self-inherent authority that an individual rightfully has over themself, or for a “thing” (property”) that is under their lawful ownership or control. “Public ‘Jurisdiction’” shall be defined as an authority conferred upon a court (thus making it competent) to hear and determine cases and causes.

“Free Speech” and “Free expression” are the right to impart and receive ideas and information from inside and outside of Pacifica, and that the government cannot Control its flow to ‘the Public’, whether kept private or public in ‘priviledge’/confidence.

“True Threats” are statements where the speaker means to communicate by means made verbally, in writing, or by telephone or electronic device, a serious expression of an intent to commit an act of unjust force to a particular individual or group of individuals, though the speaker need not actually intend to carry out the threat/s. Even a statement that appears to threaten violence may not be a true threat if the context indicates that it only expressed political opposition, was emotionally charged rhetoric, hyperbole, or issued statements uttered in jest, or as part of a character for a creative-expressive performance; Defensive posturing including issuing [a] verbal statement/s of intent to use defensive force is not a ‘threat’, but a [non-obligate] “warning” against a[n] [potential or actual] aggressor. A true threat requires a reasonable Person to: Foresee that the statement would be objectively interpreted in such a manner by both the maker and those whom the maker communicates, as to a statement of a serious expression of their intention to aggress against the rights of another; That the defendant/offender [subjectively] intended [and seriously expressed] to threaten unjust force/injury/harm/assault and communicated so in an unconditional, unequivocal, immediate, and specific manner, as to be received as an actual threat, in order to instill fear in the recipient, which is not induced under intimidation or duress;-And that the threat placed the victim/s in a state of actual, reasonable, and sustained fear. The essential elements of any real threat are as follows: 1) [A] Directed party/target, or receiver, of the threat; 2) An implement or means of achieving the threat; 3) The Substance of which constitutes the clear [willfull] threat of unjust force, theft, or fraud itself; 4) Imminency, immediacy, or [a/n] [unjust] triggering condition/s; 5) A reasonable and actual belief that the issuer would be capable of carrying out the aggression.

For the purposes of this Constitution, “Aggression” is in the context to the [mutual] non-aggression principle, and shall be defined as [truly] threatening or initiating any forcible/coercive interference with an Individual, or Individual’s property, or the exercise of any of their rights/immunities, freedoms, privileges, or guarantees therewith. The non-aggression principle does not forbid defensive posturing or forceful defense. “Force” (or Compulsion/Coercion/Extortion) is defined as Taking/Damaging/destroying or threatening to Take/Damage/Destroy someone else’s Life and Health, Liberty/Freedom and Autonomy/Independence, Self-Security [and freedom to secure others’] and Self-Defense [and freedom to defend others’], Privacy, Property, and the Pursuit of Happiness.

“Non-intervention” shall mean a foreign policy holding that political rulers avoid alliances with other nations but still retain diplomacy, not to engage in interference in the external affairs of another nation without its consent, or in its internal affairs with or without its consent, and to avoid all wars unless related to direct self-defense of Pacifica, its officers, or any of its People or the Persons thereof.

There shall be defined by the legislature of their jurisdiction a strict scrutiny test for any restriction of rights insofar as they are narrowly tailored on a rational basis to achieve a compelling governmental interest prescribed by this Constitution and guided under a rational-basis without disproportionate burden.

“State Security” shall mean the freedom from military threat and political compulsion, coercion, or extortion from both external and internal forces, as well as the protection or the safety of a country’s secrets and its citizens. Due process shall always take prescedent over the preservation of State Security.

The primary meaning of “militia” shall be “defense activity”, and only secondarily to those engaged in it, or obligated to engage in it. Jury duty shall be regarded as a form of militia duty.

A declaration of war shall specify the state or organized body that is the enemy, the casus belli or casus foederis requiring its issuance, the commencement date, and the terms for its conclusion. The identification of the enemy shall be sufficiently explicit to allow persons of common understanding to recognize them, and not be left to executive officials to define the boundaries of who is included.

The definition of the term “Firearm”, as encompassed under the set of the broader group [“armament”], means any “Frame” or “Receiver” that is complete, assembled, operable, or converted/restored to a functional state, where it is then capable of firing a bullet or other projectile by means of exploding Powder, ‘Cotton’/Fibers (E.g.: gun-cotton/nitro-cellulose), Cord (E.g.: Cordite NQ), Gel (E.g: Collodion), or other similar type of material. Incomplete/unfinished “receiver/frame blanks/dummies” or “0%/80%/99% firearm parts/fabrication kits”, any firearm precursor/s, or incompletely assembled and non-functioning guns or launchers, are not considered “firearms” by definition, no matter how exhaustively inclusive their included parts, materials, and/or other components may be, as well as jigs, tools, adapters, bit, or other milling equipment, along with detail sheets, instructions, and/or manuals, in addition to accessories or complimentary gifts, or other items which may be, nor in regard to how readily they can be made to function, so long as they are not assembled in a completely functional way, and as such, in such state, they are not subject to regulation as armaments or restriction to certain legal statuses of People, as according to this Constitution. “Frame” and “receiver” refers to the part of a firearm which provides any housing or holding structure for a hammer, bolt, bolt carrier, breech-block, cylinder, trigger mechanism, firing pin, striker, or slide rails, along with any other firing mechanism, and which is usually threaded at its forward portion to receive the barrel, whether or not it is of modular and/or split/multi-part design.

The term “Antique firearm” means any [non-restrictable] firearm (including but not limited to any firearm with a matchlock, flintlock, percussion cap, as well as any weapon which incorporates a firearm frame or receiver of any style/[fashion], or any other similar type of ignition system [which is]) designed/meditated or manufactured/made in or before December 31st 1999CE @ 23h:59m:59s:65999999ticks or one-hundred-and-eight years before the ratification of this Constitution [whichever is the greater/larger number of years or oldest date which is dated in the Common Era]; this shall be expanded to include any machine-guns whether or not they are low-power casual, intermediate-power assault, full-power battle, or [any] other form of handgun, rifle, or cannon compliant to the prior criteria; or any modern/current replica/duplicate of any antique firearm or firearm pattern using antique ammunition if such replica/duplicate is not designed or re-designed for using a more recent enhancement than available on or before the year/date specified in this provision, and additionally, it shall include [for any year, including beyond the year/date specified in this provision] all muzzle loading or break-barrel muskets or rifles, muzzle loading or break-barrel shotguns, or muzzle loading or break-barrel pistols, revolvers and cylinder-fed carbines, and cannons, which are designed to use black powder, or a black powder substitute, regardless to whether or not they can use fixed ammunition, or to their state or type of rifling/boring and flash-suppression or muzzle-breaking, neither raising concern about threadings nor other included or incorporated attachments that may themselves be more modern than the year/date specified in this provision; The term “Antique Firearm” shall extend to include any firearm which is converted into a muzzle loading weapon, or any muzzle loading weapon which is converted to fire fixed ammunition (designed on or before the date used in this definition of “Antique Firearm”), by replacing the barrel, bolt, breechblock, or any combination thereof; “Antique firearms” shall not preclude those Arms which are with or without a fixed, folding, or collapsing attachment bayonet or anchoring point, a carrying handle, or bipod/tripod/quadpod/etc; [An] “Antique firearm/[s]”, including their munitions or ignition and propellant systems, cannot be restricted in any way for or against any status Individual [except an actual prisoner during a lawful term of incarceration], nor for any other purpose/reason, and neither Criminal nor Civil penalty may rightfully forfeit a Person’s fundamental and unalienable absolute self-regulating natural right to weapons for the just purposes of self-security and self-defense, as well as to hunting for survival and self-sufficiency, and thereby are excluded from any form of control against their naturally rightful possession unrestrained within the confines of Just laws.

“Ammunition” shall be defined as any completely constructed “round”, consisting of one or several (bullet, cartridge, powder, primer, fuse or striker-cap, or some combination); The term “Antique ammunition” includes all non-restrictable ammunitions, and means any ammunition designed/meditated or manufactured/made in or before December 31st 1999CE @ 23h:59m:59s:65999999ticks or one-hundred-and-eight years before the ratification or this Constitution [whichever is the greater/larger number of years or oldest date which is dated in the Common Era], or any modern/current replica/duplicate of any antique ammunition if such replica/duplicate is not designed or re-designed for using a more recent enhancement than available on or before the year/date specified in this provision, and additionally, it shall include but not be limited to any black powder or similar explosive Powder, ‘Cotton’/Fibers (E.g.: gun-cotton/nitro-cellulose), Cord (E.g.: Cordite NQ), Gel (E.g: Collodion), (or other similar type of material) fired muzzle or break-barrel loaded ammunition, or, any fixed ammunition including but not limited to those loaded from a clip, magazine, belt, drum, or strip feed.

A “noise suppressor”, “silencer device”, or “complete muffler”, along with “telescoping stocks”, “stowaway stocks”, “folding stocks”, and “bump-fire stocks”, or any combination thereof, in addition to clips, magazines, belts, drums, feed strips, or similar devices, and also including “barrel shrouds”, “accessory rails”, and “bayonet lugs”, as well as “pistol-to-carbine or revolver-to-carbine conversion kits”, and “rifle-to-machine-pistol or rifle-to-machine-revolver conversion kits”, are legally considered either “parts”, “attachments”, or “modifications” to “armaments”, and as with all other forms of parts/attachments/modifications to armaments, are not subject to regulation or restriction, nor to requisite of registration or permission/permit, for all free Persons; Individuals who are otherwise legally restricted or temporarily barred from certain classes of weapons or to live ammunitions, and destructive devices or certain classes of projectile propellants, shall not be obstructed from their right to access, possess, own, share, alter, or otherwise interact with or control these items, as in accordance to this Constitution.

“Radiological weapon” shall mean weapon or dispersion device that is designed to directly or secondarily cast emissions of ionizing radiation or radioactively decaying (nuclearly disintegrating) particles, whether or not through the use of radioactive material, which is intended to kill and/or cause disruption, to cause radiation poisoning, or radiation/radioactive_material contamination of an area with radiological sources. This includes all: [dirty] munitions, shells, missiles, and bombs. Radiological emissions include gamma rays, x-rays, positrons as well as positronium, alpha particles, charged nuclei, positrons/anti-electrons, fast protons, and fast neutrons; Specifically excluded from the definition of radiological weapons are beta/electron particle and ultraviolet photon based implements, such as ammunitions, bombs, beams, and matter teleporters and/or disintegrators based upon or functioning in conjunction with them.

“Nuclear weapon” shall mean an explosive device that derives part or all of its destructive force from nuclear reactions, either fission (fission bomb), fusion (pure fusion weapon), or from a combination of fission and fusion reactions (thermonuclear bomb).

“Biological weapon” shall mean a bacterium, virus, protozoan, parasite, fungus, other organism, their toxins, or genetic modifier [including but not limited to a gene drive or infertility/terminator gene], or a specialized munition containing the same, which can be used purposefully as a weapon in bio-logical warfare or bio-terrorism, or any agent exhibiting gain of function or other enhancement to their infectious properties.

“Chemical weapon” shall mean a specialized munition that uses any toxic/poisonous chemical or its precursor formulated to inflict serious injury, permanent harm, or death to people. A chemical weapon is a toxic/poison chemical or its precursor contained in a delivery system, such as a bomb or shell. It shall not extend to non-toxic/non-poisonous agents which cause temporary incapacitation or sensory irritation through their chemical action, and which do not inflict long-term harm upon their individual/incidental usage.

"Psychotronic Weapon" shall be defined as energy-based weapons, using means such as electromagnetic radiation (such as the microwave auditory effect {See "Voice-to-Skull"}), radar, electronic surveillance techniques, and other developments, which are designed to alter the ability of the human body to process stimuli, such as remote EEG and neural-signal injection, remote as well as near-field along with direct-contact manipulation of Central Nervous Systems, non-consensual Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation or Bio-Feedback system, and other technologies for altering Brain-state or remotely modifying other bodily functions, whether or not they are through implant or other means, which are not explicitly consensual before and during their use nor severable during use.

In order to maintain continuity of government, there shall be constructed a series of emergency shelters/bunkers for certain members of the public body, as shall be determined by law, and the government are mandated to build shelters for the People with earthquake- and nuclear-blast-proof underground tunnels for connecting them to each-other. The shelters shall be designed to withstand NBC attack and sustain regular life of the people for moderate periods of time, with an emphasis on overcapacity to provide for additional extensions of service and supplies as may be necessary.

“Misdemeanor” shall mean any crime whose term of punishment lasts for one year or less, and shall be housed in different containment quarters, grounds, and other common areas than the felonious offenders. Felon” shall mean those whose term of sentencing is beyond one year, even when indeterminate sentencing is applied. “Jail” shall be the name of the dedicated holding grounds for [a] “Misdemeanor offender/s” serving their sentence, as well as [a] “Felon/s” being held temporarily, to immediately [upon reasonable ability of their wardens] be transferred to a “Prison” for the purpose of serving their remainder of sentencing, as may be directed by the Jury and handed down by the Justice of the Court.

“Piracy” shall consist only of warlike acts committed by a non-state actor against persons or property of a country foreign to him. Letters of marque and reprisal make the person to whom they are issued a state actor, and under a declaration of war all citizens are to be regarded as state actors with respect to the foreign state defined in the declaration.

[]
The legislature shall be empowered, by general law and upon findings of fiscal necessity, to establish temporary and proportionate reductions in pension benefits payable to persons who have separated from public employment and whose benefits are otherwise constitutionally or statutorily protected, provided that no such reduction shall impair the underlying pension right beyond the limits expressly authorized herein, and provided further that any reduction shall be limited to a maximum of twenty-five percent (25%) for persons no longer serving in the government position from which the pension was earned, and to a maximum of fifty percent (50%) for persons who remain capable of gainful employment, with the precise tier, duration, hardship exemption, and equitable formula to be determined by the legislature in a manner that gives the lowest-benefit recipients the greatest protection and that accounts for actual living costs, subsistence needs, and other material circumstances; all sums withheld pursuant to this Section shall constitute a continuing public obligation and shall be repaid in the exact nominal amount withheld at a later time according to a repayment schedule, priority rules, and enforcement procedures established by law; and this Section shall be construed as a clarification and rule of interpretation requiring the government to provide immediate and effective fulfillment of essential public duties, including emergency shelter and temporary housing when permanent housing is unavailable, so that public policy does not unlawfully defer basic human necessities, perpetuate avoidable suffering, or create conditions that predictably lead to trespass, injury, or other harm.
[]

"Marxist" refers to the political and economical philosophy of Karl Marx, who posited that all class struggle is between the property owners and the working class, and that there should be established a socialist system abolishing private ownership of the means of production in order to eventually attain communism as the absolute state power over markets, property, and individuals, which would abolish privately owned business and property entirely, and only state allotments of 'personal property' would be permitted by law, where the people would be considered a unit of resource to be allocated, subject to Public central management. It is a form of collectivist totalitarian authoritarianism which abolishes individualism, in favor of centralized mandates and power over People. Pacifica is actively opposed to this ideology.

"Capitalism" is the private ownership of the means of production. Ownership of property is requisite to means of its production. Pacifica affirms that capitalism itself is not an issue, merely the corruption and greed of individuals and their associations, and that by only valuing money rather than serving a higher purpose [such as common good], there have been great undercuts to our good way of life and to the heritage we leave our posterity and of theirs as well. It is opposed to socialism which serves as the abolishment of the private ownership of the means of production.

"Distributist" refers to the quality of an economic system that favors individual actualization and prosperity, in favor of small, local, family business. It is the belief that property ownership should be widespread and not highly concentrated in small numbers of holders. Pacifica affirms that this is the ultimate form of capitalism, when mated with maximized laissez-faire system which also balances against human, animal, and environmental rights. Pacifica seeks to establish and maintain this system of economics for all of the People.

"Limitarian" refers to a taxation philosophy which punishes greed and wastefulness, through setting upper limits or burdens on large volumes of assets, whether financial or real property. It attempts to instill John Locke's proviso on spoilage, but does not hold to imperishable money absolving the crisis of wastage and damages to others through hoarding. In some manner, it is also a component of some social democratic political theories. This is considered an extension of the Social Democratic principles of Pacifica and not a core Republican virtue.

A "Moral Economy" is a system of economic organization in which markets, property, and exchange operate within a framework of moral constraints that ensure every person can participate to the extent of their abilities while no one is left below a secure baseline of material necessities (such as food, shelter, health care, and essential services) required for survival and basic human dignity. Within this order, private ownership and entrepreneurial initiative are preserved and encouraged, but deliberately bounded so that concentrated wealth and entrenched privilege cannot distort competition, block opportunity, or reduce large segments of the population to dependence or marginalization. The economy is structured so that productive assets are widely dispersed, work is rewarded with fair returns, and the institutions of finance, labor, and trade are oriented toward sustaining families, communities, and small enterprises rather than serving only remote capital or speculative bubbles. When resources are redistributed from those with excessive surplus toward zero‑ and low‑income individuals, the aim is not to erase differences of wealth or ability but to restore effective participation, expand demand, and unlock latent economic activity, since poorer households typically spend a far greater share of additional income, thereby stimulating broader markets and employment. This approach explicitly rejects the zero‑sum mentality that frames wealth as a fixed pool in which one person’s gain must equal another’s loss, instead embracing the dynamic reality that human creativity, cooperation, and investment can enlarge the total value available when more people are able to work, trade, and consume with some measure of security. In a moral economy, guarantees of basic subsistence are treated not as entitlements severed from responsibility but as enabling conditions that allow individuals to contribute, build skills, and engage in productive exchange, thereby reinforcing work, family life, and civic responsibility rather than undermining them. Ultimately, a moral economy is a market‑based order arranged so that widespread ownership, genuine opportunity, and a secure baseline of survival are treated as mutually reinforcing requirements of a free, stable, and flourishing society rather than competing or optional ideals.

"Social democracy" is a political ideology that champions individual liberty within a robust capitalist economy, where private property rights and free enterprise (especially for small business owners) enable self-actualization, innovation, and the creation of personal wealth as fundamental human rights; It harnesses progressive taxation and targeted regulations to fund universal welfare programs, ensuring broad social mobility and general welfare without dismantling market competition or coercing individuals into collectivism. Unlike social democracy, democratic socialism rejects capitalism as inherently exploitative and antithetical to human rights, advocating the democratic abolition of private property in production to impose collective ownership, often through state planning or cooperatives; This contradicts natural individualist principles by subordinating personal agency to group control, stifling self-reliance and risking authoritarianism. Both prioritize democratic reforms, strong welfare states, labor protections, and reduced inequality, but social democracy achieves this via capitalist incentives, whereas democratic socialism demands systemic overthrow and intends the eventual abolition of private ownership over the means of production, and eventually, communism, which is the abolition of private property including ownership of the individual over themself.

Works in the Public Domain are not re-licensable at a later time but instead remain accessible to all freely including when they are re-encoded in other formats; That does not go to say that Public Domain works cannot be sold on their own or in compilations, merely that it must be the medium being sold and not the work as a re-licensing, such as being free to sell a book or a compact disc or even access to a private torrent repository or tracker containing the work and charging for the cost of the book or compact disc or internet servers and potential profits of the business model, but not for the Public Domain work itself.

“To regulate” is to “make regular”, that is, to facilitate the free flow of goods, but not, except in cases of danger, to prohibit the flow of any good. “Make regular” is analogous to “make usual” or “make ordinary”. Regulations should be the least restrictive and most permissive which can still effectively reach the essential goal or outcome set forth in the purpose for such regulation.

The interstate commerce power does not reach activities that are “indirect and remote”, the power applies to those activities which have a “close and intimate effect” on interstate commerce. The power to regulate shall consist only of the power to restrict the attributes or modalities of the object regulated, and not to prohibit all attributes or modalities, or impose criminal penalties. To satisfy strict scrutiny, the government’s regulation must relate to a sufficiently important governmental interest and be sufficiently “tailored” to achieve that interest; The government’s interest must be “compelling” as well as founded upon a “rational-basis”, and the regulation must be “narrowly” tailored to achieving it.

Commerce shall consist only of transfers of equitable interest and possession of tangible commodities, for a valuable consideration, from a seller or leassor to a purchaser or leasee. It shall not include transport without such transfer or interest, nor extraction, primary production, manufacturing, possession, use, or disposal, nor shall it include the other activities of those engaged in such transfers. It shall not include energy, information, nor financial or contractual instruments. Commerce among the States shall not include sales or leases within a State. Equal exchanges are not considered commerce. Commerce specifically requires a purchase be made from the markets, not the lack of interaction with these markets (as in growing one’s own plants/fungi and raising animals for [personal or familial] self-sufficiency or [private] communal-sufficiency).

A “Commercial entity” shall be viewed with regards to their having profit as their chief aim, beyond being the standard meaning entailing end-distribution and sale/s to the consumer and/or purchaser.

"Commodity flow surveys", as may be conducted by the Pacifican Department of Commerce, shall not be compelled upon another, and shall remain voluntary for all persons and businesses, including those engaged in commerce, with various levels of specificity available for the Individual/Entity to determine of their own volition what they are lawfully willing to participate in of their own consent.

The definitions of: “Money” shall be recognized as commodities which the Constitution delineates for such purpose; “Legal Tender” which is composed of redeemable receipts for a fixed amount of commodity that include representative notes;-and “Currency” which is a medium of exchange which is not backed by anything except faith in the one issuing it or which is backed in debt.

The monetary unit of Pacifica's Nation-State, hereinafter referred to as the “Dollar,” shall derive its pegged value from one troy ounce of silver bullion; All monetary valuation, issuance, and redemption shall ultimately resolve into silver weight equivalence. Each representative note and coin of legal tender, known generally as a 'commodity-back' shall be backed and redeemed according to the proportional purchasing power of its commodity basis as measured freely against said troy ounce of silver in the open market. The value of all commodity monies shall be maintained in equitable relation to the silver standard, reflecting their real market equivalence without coercive valuation. The inclusion of plating, alloy metals, or other materials in coinage, or the containment or encasement of commodity monies, shall constitute surplus material and shall not be counted toward the declared or minted face value of the Dollar. Certain commodity monies may need to be provided in larger increments than a single dollar to be redeemed through representative note legal tender, depending on practical needs and pragmatic utility.

[]
The "Enerback" shall be the Pacifica unit of accounted-money based upon a fixed scientific energy standard derived from the measured energy content of one standard barrel of fossil-sourcex crude oil or qualifying biocrude produced through synthetic gasification or pyrolysis, and shall not necessarily constitute a claim upon, redemption right to, or direct monetary backing by oil or biocrude, though this may be authorized by Congress through a constitutional financial act; one standard barrel shall mean equal to 158.987294928 liters at the designated reference conditions, and the energy standard shall be fixed at 5,861,520,000 joules, while the particular form or source of energy recognized for issuance, settlement, reserve, or public use shall be prescribed by Congress, including electricity, stored energy, thermal energy, mechanical energy, chemical energy, nuclear energy, or another scientifically measurable form authorized by law, provided that every recognized form is converted and valued according to its measured joule content and that no legislative designation may alter the Enerback’s fixed joule equivalence; the market relationship between one troy ounce of fine silver bullion and the Pacifica dollar may be used to establish or adjust the Enerback’s monetary valuation, but silver shall not replace the joule as the underlying scientific standard, and fossil oil or biocrude may serve merely as the physical reference from which that standard is derived insofar as it is in accordance with the laws created in conformity with this Constitution, so that the Enerback remains an energy-based unit of account whose legally recognized value must always correspond to the joule content prescribed by this Provision.
[]

No government official or other member of the public body shall retain ownership, direct or indirect, in any business or property deriving profit from domestic or foreign governments, except their personal social security in accordance with law. All such interests shall be divested into a true blind trust prior to inauguration and restored to them after leaving office.

“Independent contractor/s” shall be distinguished from “[an] Employee/s”, and shall itself be defined to mean a person, who while performing work for an employer: A) Is free from the control and direction of the hiring entity, both in contract and in fact; B) Performs work that is outside the usual course of the hiring entity’s business; C) Are customarily engaged in an independently established trade, occupation, or business of the same nature as the work performed.

“Dark pattern” means a user interface designed or manipulated with the substantial effect of subverting or impairing user Autonomy/Independence, decision-making, or choice, as further defined by regulation. "Deceptive design" is any object, device, mechanical, user interface, communication, architectural, or interaction design that is deliberately engineered or 'patterned' to steer, deceive, coerce, or manipulate individuals into making choices that are contrary to their best interests, preferences, or expectations, typically for the benefit of the designing party. This definition encompasses but is not limited to the following: Deceptive Design Practices: Interfaces or flows that mislead, disguise, obscure, or withhold critical information necessary for informed consent or decision-making, including but not limited to: misdirection, disguised advertisements, confusing language or visual design, hiding opt-outs, or making certain options less accessible. Manipulative Defaults: The use of pre-selected or opt-out based defaults intended to exploit cognitive biases such as status quo bias or loss aversion, where consent or selection is presumed unless actively changed by the user, especially when such defaults would not align with a typical user's affirmative intent or best interests (Examples may include automatic enrollment, pre-checked boxes for additional purchases, un-consented modules or features or software and packages/data, or retention of personal data). Coercive and Emotional Techniques: Designs employing pressure (nagging, confirmshaming, fear, or guilt tactics) to override user autonomy or to induce decisions users would not otherwise make in a neutral, transparent environment. Obstruction and Friction: Introducing unnecessary steps, delays, or barriers preventing users from accessing, changing, or opting out of certain choices (e.g., making cancellation or opt-out harder than enrollment or opt-in) or functions. For a design to qualify as a dark pattern under this definition, it is sufficient that the effect of the interface or product itself, regardless of intention, is to substantially subvert or impair user autonomy, decision-making, informed consent, or product/device functions, particularly where users’ preferences or welfare are undermined to benefit the controller or third parties. Opt-out based defaults, where user inaction is treated as tacit consent to terms, enrollment, or sharing, are considered dark patterns unless justified by transparency, necessity, and alignment with actual user expectations and interests.

For purposes of this Constitution, a "Public Place" shall be defined as any location, indoor or outdoor, that is accessible to the General Public by right or by invitation, including but not limited to streets, planting strips, sidewalks, highways, rest stops, parks, plazas, public buildings, commercial establishments, and facilities of public transportation, whether publicly or privately owned. The access of the Public, not the ownership of the property, shall be the determinant factor in establishing a location as a Public Place. This definition does not extend to areas designated for private use, including private residences, private clubs, or spaces requiring exclusive membership or special permission for entry. Laws, rights, and obligations pertaining to Public Places under this Constitution shall apply to all locations as defined herein.

The Phrase “general public”, shall be defined to mean all of the People, as well as their guests, and all other lawful visitors to Pacifica. All “Public entities” are members of the “Public body”, and vice versa.

Militia refers to the body of citizens eligible for military service, traditionally divided into two categories: The organized militia consists of able-bodied citizens who are formally enrolled, regularly trained, and equipped for military service by the government, in the Age Range of eighteen (18) to sixty (60) years old. The disorganized (or unorganized) militia includes able-bodied citizens who are not formally enrolled or regularly trained but are nevertheless eligible for [consensual] call-up in times of emergency, in the Age Range of sixteen (16) to fourty-five (45) years old. It is the duty of Congress to train and arm members of the militia, whether organized or disorganized.

All Publicly funded projects must be fully disclosed in scope and breadth, as well as purpose and intent, all goals, and any projected effects, clearly stating the intended affect, and have a plan in place to roll back any or all potential issues to the People or the openly announced and line-ratified/ line-vetoed agenda, with the Power of the Citizenry to suspend these projects in part or full entirely for any reason whatsoever per their prerogative.

All federally, State, and Territorially derived funds cannot legislatively or contractually or bindingly-require in agreement to control the autonomy of any branch or division of government receiving or imparting them.

The phrase "facially illegitimate" is deliberate, it signals that the structural deprivation is itself the violation, independent of intent.

The term “General Welfare” means not special. The government shall exercise no power [other than stated in the next sentence of this provision], including the powers to spend, in ways intended to burden or benefit one part of the population over another, except in minor ways incidental to the proper exercise of delegated powers. The State governments shall be capable of exercising power to spend in ways intended to [specially] benefit a sub-set/part of the population whose income level is zero or low through State welfare services and programs, which serve to reduce their barriers to being productive members of society, or normalize the quality of their well-being with that of the general population (as a whole, on average), and not empowered to subsidize an organization, institution, business, company, firm, corporation, or other artificial entity, except for exemplary practices that serve the commonwealth and benefit the welfare of the environment as well as the People, including but not limited to those practices which benefit the homeless/unsheltered and poor.

“Standard of living” refers to the level of necessities, comfort, material goods, and wealth commonly available to the People in Pacifica.

“Quality of life” shall mean the general well-being of individuals and society. It observes life satisfaction, including, but not limited to, physical health, family, friends, education, employment, wealth, safety, security, freedom, [a]religious beliefs, and the environment.

“Legal tender” is a receipt for a quantity of money, as defined under this Constitution. It is synonymous/equivalent in the language of this constitution to [a] “representative note/s”.

The phrase “through due process of law” is synonymous with “by the law of the land”.

A power shall be construed as “necessary and proper” only for “carrying into execution”, that is, to make a limited, reasonable effort strictly necessary for a proper public purpose as defined in the Preamble, and not to do whatever might be deemed convenient to get an outcome for which the effort might be made. The powers to spend and promote, regulate, and prohibit (or punish), shall each be construed as distinct, with none derivable from any of the others, and none shall be exercised as a way to avoid the lack of a power to do one of the others. For further explanation of "necessary and proper” power, refer towards the legal principles known as “principal” and “incidental”, in the context to the norms of law in the early history of the Union of Pacifica of [North] America.

This Constitution recognizes that the peaceful transfer of power, the legitimacy of elections, and the rule of law, not raw power or loyalty to leaders, are essential conditions of liberty. Any attempt to undermine these foundations, through deceit, coercion, or force, shall be treated as an attack upon Pacifica itself. Congress shall have power to enforce this pillar of civil governance through appropriate legislation.

“Propaganda” shall mean information that is not objectively true, and is used primarily to influence an audience and further an agenda, furnishing information which is purely subjective in nature as if it were objective, by presenting facts selectively to encourage a particular synthesis or perception, using loaded language to produce an emotional rather than a rational response to the information that is presented, reaching a conclusion using logic which does not apply universally, or disinformation, which is false information spread deliberately to deceive.

[]
"Orwellian" is an adjective denoting the characteristic features of totalitarian social control (ubiquitous surveillance, historical revisionism, manipulative euphemism, and the enforced acceptance of contradictory "doublethink") as fictionalized in Eric Arthur Blair's Nineteen Eighty-Four (1949CE) (and Animal Farm {1945CE}), yet the term's resonance derives equally from the author's own deliberate self-effacement; born into a colonial middle-class family, he chose a nom de plume as George Orwell specifically to sever his private identity from his public polemics, sparing his parents the stigma of his bohemian career while also granting himself the psychological freedom to indict the very class that raised him. This pseudonymous shield was not mere vanity but a strategic necessity, for his sharpest critiques targeted the hypocrisy of British imperialism and the hollow rhetoric of progressive politics, subjects that could have endangered his familial relationships and future employment. Blair/Orwell understood that language itself is a battlefield, and by adopting a new name he performed the very act of linguistic redefinition that he later warned against, using a fabricated persona to expose fabricated truths, though his goal was clarity, not obfuscation, as artists use lies to tell the truth. Consequently, "Orwellian" now applies to any Orwellian (in the sense of resembling his themes) misuse of official language, such as calling civilian casualties "collateral damage" or mass surveillance "public safety," because he demonstrated that corrupted diction precedes corrupted governance. The pseudonym also allowed him to write with an unflinching directness that his birth name, with its class connotations, might have undermined, effectively making him an outsider within his own society, a position that sharpened his observational acuity. While the term is often overused as a lazy pejorative for any disagreeable policy, its precise meaning remains tethered to Orwell's core insight: that power perpetuates itself by rewriting reality, and that the first casualty of tyranny is the honest word. Thus, the ultimate definition of "Orwellian" is any condition in which truth becomes a function of authority, and the adoption of Eric Arthur Blair's pen name, a quiet act of rebellion against his own origins, foreshadowed that lifelong war against the debasement of meaning.
[]

A “Bill of Attainder” shall consist of any legislative disablement of an immunity, either for an individual, group, or the people in general, without irrefragable proof supplemented by irrefutable evidence, decided by a jury in each individual case, that he or she has committed a crime or is dangerously incompetent.

A “Title of Nobility” shall consist of any legislated or judicially conferred privilege or immunity, not enjoyed by all, or to the detriment of others, that is not absolutely essential for the performance of legitimate, peaceable, official duties, and a grand jury may authorize civil or criminal prosecution of an official for exceeding their jurisdiction or abusing their discretion.

The term “online platform” means a website, online or mobile application, operating system, digital assistant, or online service that-: enables a user to generate content that can be viewed by other users on the platform or to interact with other content on the platform; facilitates the offering, sale, purchase, payment, or shipping of products or services, including software applications, between and among consumers or businesses not controlled by the platform operator; or enables user searches or queries that access or display a large volume of information.

The term “control”, with respect to an instrument, testimony/will, or business means: holding twenty-five percent or more of the stock of the business; having the right to twenty-five percent or more of the profits of the business; having the right to 25 percent or more of the assets of the instrument, testimony/will, or business, in the event of the mentioned’s dissolution; if the business is a corporation, having the power to designate 25 percent or more of the directors of the person; if the instrument is a trust, having the power to designate 25-percent or more of the trustees; or otherwise exercises substantial control over the instrument, testimony/will, or business.

It is the policy of Pacifica as well as the several States and Territories to recognize two primary sexes and the biological abnormality of intersex or hermaphrodite has been protected, in their default form of either male, female, or some naturally occurring combination of both. These sexes are not changeable as grounded in their chromosomal and genetic reality, and are based upon a fundamental and incontrovertible fact, that which is also necessary for reproduction and family building. The Executive Branch will enforce all sex-protective laws to promote this reality. Recognizing Women (including of single-X and triple-X chromosomal disorders) are biologically distinct from Men and intersex or double-X+Y disorder individuals, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Pacifican government, external partners, and the public clear guidance expanding on the sex-based definitions set forth in this order. Each agency and all Federal employees shall enforce laws governing sex-based rights, protections, opportunities, and accommodations to protect men and women as biologically distinct sexes. Each agency should therefore give the terms “sex”, “male”, “female”, "hermaphrodite", “men”, “women”, "Intersex", “boys”, “girls” and "zed", the meanings set forth in the definitions provided through this constitution in interpreting or applying statutes, regulations, or guidance and in all other official agency business, documents, and communications. When administering or enforcing sex-based distinctions, every agency and all Federal employees acting in an official capacity on behalf of their agency shall use the term “sex” interchangeably with “gender” in all applicable Federal policies and documents. The Secretaries of State and Homeland Security, and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall require that government-issued identification documents, including passports, visas, and Global Entry cards, accurately reflect the holder’s sex, as defined under this constitution; and the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall ensure that applicable personnel records accurately report Federal employees’ sex, as defined by this constitution. Agencies shall not create nor circulate statements, policies, regulations, forms, communications, or other internal and external messages that promote or otherwise inculcate gender ideology, and shall cease issuing such statements, policies, regulations, forms, communications or other messages. Agency forms that require an individual’s sex shall list male, intersex/hermaphrodite (as "Zed"), or female, based on the biological reality of their chromosomes and sexual differentiation, and shall not request gender identity.

"Sex” shall refer to an individual’s immutable biological classification as either male, intersex/hermaphrodite, or female. “Sex” is not a synonym for and does not include the concept of “gender identity", and the use of the word "gender" assumes interchangeability with the word "sex".

[]
[]"Women” or “woman” and “girls” or “girl” shall mean adult and juvenile human females, respectively, or those with only single-X chromosomal disorder of normal two X-chromosomes or triple-X chromosomal disorder. “Men” or “man” and “boys” or “boy” shall mean adult and juvenile human males, respectively, or those with either an XY chromosome pair, or a double-X+Y chromosomal mutation. "Zed" or "Z" shall mean adult and juvenile hermaphrodite and intersex people, respectively, or those who have ambiguous genitalia [lasting after puberty].[]
[]

“Female” means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex that produces the large reproductive cell. “Male” means a person belonging, at conception, to the sex that produces the small reproductive cell. "Hermaphrodite" or "Intersex" means a person who demonstrates both pairs of sexual gonads or is sexually ambiguous at birth, and shall be designated as that along with their sexual chromosomes.

The term "State" means a State, the District of Olympus, and any other territory or possession of Pacifica or the several States.

Duly issued and legitimate "World Service Authority" and "Common Law Court" passports, as a part of visitation and immigration processes, shall be accepted as an official form of international identification.

Common Era (annotated in abbreviated form as "CE") shall be defined by this Constitution in all Laws and Statutes erected beneath them, to mean the Proper Modernization of the Prior Era "After Death" (I.e. "AD").

The government is permitted to run private advertisements on free_of_cost-level services that are not supported through direct payments by customers, such as to pay for [secure, private, and encrypted] email or social media services. They are not allowed to collect information/data about customers for the purposes of providing advertisements or tracking traffic direction, and they must show the same advertisements to everybody interacting with that service at the same time with the exception that they may be translated to other languages and formats based on a user’s language and accessibility settings.

“Organic” shall mean those foods, medicines, and internal or topical chemical compounds, which are not derived through genetic modification or synthetic biology, and which themselves are “organic chemicals” that are fully naturally derived and processed, and which are free from impurities and adulterants, and those foodstuffs which do not use un-natural bio-cides and nutrients nor synthetic or genetically engineered coatings in their production process.

"Junk food" as according to this constitution is defined as food that is high in calories or sugar, fat, and salt, but low in essential nutrients such as dietary fiber, vitamins and minerals, or myco-/phyto-/bacterio-chemicals or natural peptides beneficial to health long-term. Junk food is often highly processed or ultra-processed, providing "empty calories" that supply energy but little nutritional value to support health. Common examples include soda, candy, chips, sugary cereals, and many fast foods. These foods are linked to health risks like obesity, diabetes, and heart disease due to their poor nutrient density and high content of sugars, unhealthy fats, and sodium. Coconut oil, coconut cream, butter/ghee, cream, hemp seed oil, olive oil, beef tallow, lard, manteca, as well as other natural cooking oils are excluded from the definition of junk food even though they contain high fat, and Himalayan pink salt or sea salt is also excluded even though it is high in sodium, and molasses or cane sugar are also excluded even though they are high in fructose and glucose, since they are basic food ingredients.

All federal welfare shall be grounded in a living‑cost floor that reflects the mean-averaged cost of living in each region. This floor shall represent the minimum income necessary to afford a decent standard of basic necessities, including but not limited to housing, food, clothing, personal hygiene supplies, household supplies, utilities, transportation, childcare, education, healthcare, and digital connectivity, as well as essential personal maintenance and quality‑of‑life expenditures such as mental‑health therapy, counseling, physical‑wellness activities, and other comparable services that support individual dignity, autonomy, and participation in society, all adjusted to local economic conditions. Federal welfare eligibility and benefit levels shall be anchored to this floor, ensuring that no individual falls below the actual cost of living in their area and that no uniform national poverty line supersedes the economic realities of distinct regions.

Inspectors General, federal prosecutors, and civil servants shall not be removed without documented cause approved by a bipartisan commission. Political retaliation or obstruction of oversight shall constitute abuse of power.

ARTICLE XIX.

SECTION. 1.

The Powers of the Public Administration shall be derived solely from the provisions of this Constitution, or for the States, by their respective Constitutions, and neither the Public Administration, nor any Agent or Member thereof, shall possess any inherent authority; the Public Administration shall neither have nor exercise any power other than those expressly conferred upon it by this Constitution or in their State’s, in conjunction to what is set forth in this pact.

No/ne [of the] branch[es] of government shall/may outsource its/[their] functions to another branch or department nor other entity, neither to an institution or organization, nor other external party to the government, and it shall be limited strictly to it's delegated powers as well as the limits on those powers and their execution, in addition to abiding by the purposes and virtues for which civil government is established.

All powers delegated in this Constitution are constrained to be exercised only for a proper, or reasonable, rational, and legitimate, public purpose, as a fiduciary trust for the general benefit of all the People and not for the special benefit of any part of them, partially but not completely Stated in the Preamble. No power is plenary or without limits, and no power may be extended to accomplish a purpose without amendment. Relative to the People, no branch of Government has inherent or reserved Powers, implicit or assumed Prerogatives, or pre-supposed attributes of sovereignty. Powers must be expressly granted to the government by the People, and the extent and range of such Powers shall be strictly, and narrowly construed. As a Republican principle, the government established by this constitution is meant to remain limited and subsidiary, and only to alleviate ailments or injuries against the common public good of the people at large, including the most vulnerable, and to promote their General Well-being, but not to the detriment of the remainder [of the People]. The "state" (I.e., government, public instrument, the People's established institution, [synonyms] et cetera [ad nauseam] [non-absurdum]...) should not coercively impose its view of the good but should respect individuals’ and communities’ right to direct themselves, intervening only when necessary for justice and peace, and improving the condition of people's lives without detracting from their autonomy or other rights, except as narrowly consented in strong consensus for the common good of the People [including prioritization of the most vulnerable in order to ensure a baseline subsistence above destitution and alleviating desperation at large] (with the permanent reservation of revocation by the People of those very same reductions).

The Constitution of Pacifica shall be interpreted in good faith and literally (within strict constructionism), as far as it does not produce any absurd result, with due regard to the original intention behind its provisions in order to preserve the ‘spirit-of-the-law’; in case of doubt, consideration may be given to any Statements or Notes related to the text made before or at the time of its adoption.

On all constitutional issues, Precedents shall be regarded as only perhaps persuasive and never binding. Constitutional text shall be construed only on historical evidence of the meaning of the terms for, first, their ratifiers, and second, their framers. Equity and prudential decisions shall not be regarded as precedents.

To the extent that any provisions of this Constitution are inconsistent with the provisions of any other laws of Pacifica, the provisions of this Constitution shall prevail and shall be deemed to supersede the provisions of such laws.

The powers delegated by the Constitution to the government of Pacifica, shall be exercised as therein appropriated, so that the Legislative shall never exercise the powers vested in the Executive or Judicial; nor the Executive the powers vested in the Legislative or Judicial; nor the Judicial the powers vested in the Legislative or Executive.

The several levels of Government, in Pacifica or the several States, shall not contract a service with, nor issue a deal towards, a Private entity, in order to perform a task in with which such power is vested solely in such Government, nor may a Private entity be utilized by such Government to exercise any power which is, or would be, illegal to perform, or of which is otherwise prohibited to it, nor to receive any information or data which itself is not explicitly/expressly permitted by this Constitution for it to collect, view, or retain.

No essential power to secure or enforce the fundamental rights of the People shall be delegated to any foreign sovereign, supranational entity, private corporation, or artificial legal person. The safeguarding of natural rights shall remain solely vested in accountable public institutions directly answerable to the People.

No declaration of emergency, disaster, war, or public health threat shall suspend, nullify, or limit any unalienable right guaranteed by this Constitution.

It is at all times unlawful for the Pacifican National or State governments to at any time “operate outside of the constitution”. The government is prohibited from using any other party or other form of outsourcing to achieve violations of constitution limits of power or circumvention of any rights.

Any provision of this Constitution which delegates the power which relegates the need for spending or redistribution, shall not require a good or service rendered, nor any benefit distributed, nor any guarantee or irrevocable privilege for a positive right or provision/resource, until the available funding meets the Constitutional duty of provision. From the date of ratification of this constitution, up to the first twelve years (12 annum) , which may be extended by a vote of the people, any provision which requires the government to provide a benefit or resource shall be considered inoperative until the budget provides for sufficient funding in order to continue in perpetuity or as set aside by the budget agreed to in the last fiscal term for such purpose/s.

SECTION. 2.

Sovereign immunity of a State or the Nation shall not be a bar to suit, only to execution of judgment against assets not provided by an act of Congress or the state legislature for payment of claims.

People exercise sovereignty through the Powers of the Union and the State powers, according to the distribution of jurisdictions as it is established in this Constitution and the respective States’ Constitutions. The States’ Constitutions and legislation, by no means shall challenge the stipulations and premises of the Federal pact.

The National government may neither issue directives requiring the States to address particular problems; nor command the States’ officers, or those of their political subdivisions, to administer or enforce a National regulatory program.

SECTION. 3.

Powers not delegated Explicitly to Pacifica by the Constitution, nor Explicitly prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States, respectively, or to the people thereof [from whom which powers stem], to be by them exercised. Any time that the Federal government abdigates/abrogates its duties to the States and People of Pacifica, the power to fulfil those duties rests upon the States and the People of each State respectively. Relative to the people, no branch of government has inherent or reserved powers, implicit or assumed prerogatives, or presupposed attributes of sovereignty. Powers must be expressly granted to government by the People in explicit and unambiguous terms, and the extent and range of such powers shall be strictly and narrowly construed. All powers not expressly necessary for the protection of rights and justice shall remain with the individual, households, and community. Any centralization of authority without clear necessity constitutes usurpation and shall be void.

The exceptions [to power] here or elsewhere in the constitution made in favor of particular rights, shall not be so construed as to diminish the just importance of other rights retained by the people, or as to enlarge the powers delegated by the constitution; but either as actual limitations on such powers, or as inserted merely for greater caution.

So be it said: [that] this enumeration of rights and privileges, shall not be construed to impair, deny, or disparage others retained by the People, which rights are unalienable, and which privileges shall be equally provided for Citizens upon the same terms, throughout the several Territories and/or States of Pacifica. All of those other rights and privileges, which are not specifically mentioned, or otherwise alluded to, in this Constitution, are still reserved to the People in all cases. The existence of an Individual’s rights are not contingent upon governmental/”state” recognition of them.

So be it said as well: [that] the enumeration in this Constitution of certain rights of Animals/Robots shall not be construed to impair, deny, or disparage others retained by them, which rights are unalienable. All of those other rights which are not specifically mentioned, or otherwise alluded to, in this Constitution, are still reserved to Animals/Robots, in all cases. The existence of Animal/Robot rights is not contingent upon governmental/”state” recognition of them.

So be it said additionally: [that] the enumeration in this Constitution of certain rights of Nature shall not be construed to impair, deny, or disparage others retained by Nature, which rights are unalienable. All of those other rights which are not specifically mentioned, or otherwise alluded to, in this Constitution, are still reserved to Nature, in all cases. The existence of Nature’s rights is not contingent upon the governmental/”state” recognition of them.

ARTICLE XX

This constitution and the powers within it shall apply to the specific territory of which the nation is established. In the event Psychic or Magic domains are discovered by we mere Normies/Muggles in the World of Men, the rights protected by this Constitution shall apply to all domains/places constituting Pacifica and its outposts/stations, and the Individuals/Persons within/therein and tangent.

No confederation of nations shall be formed between Pacifica and any other party, nor any international, global, interplanetary, interstellar, galactic, intergalactic, cross-timeline, multiversal, or omniversal integration or compact of powers be established.

No law or Public action shall propose, consent to, or request the incorporation of the Pacifica nation, or any part thereof, to any other Jurisdiction or Title/Power Holder; No branch of the Public Administration, nor any number of Citizens or other Residents of Pacifica, shall propose or consent to the incorporation of Pacifica, or any part thereof, to any other jurisdiction; a majority of two-thirds of the overall number of Representatives may assent to the incorporation of any new territory to Pacifica upon the request of its People or government with any status the Congress may determine.

The prohibition on incorporation of any part of Pacifica into another nation shall extend in consideration to barring foreign embassies and Military bases proposed to be established within Pacifica.

Parcels ceded to the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress by consent of a State’s Legislature must be specifically described by metes and bounds at the time of cession, and all state citizens of such parcel shall remain citizens of the ceding state for all elections to offices of the State or the Union, and no such transference shall forfeit the Private property rights of Persons, whether landholding or not. The boundaries of such parcels shall be clearly marked to give notice to any person entering or leaving which jurisdiction he or she is in.

The power of a State to peaceably secede from Pacifica, with the approval of three-fourths of the overall number of adult Citizens of that State qualified and registered to vote at the time of the last General Election of whom have been residents for at least twelve years in that State, and to thereafter obtain sovereignty and independence apart from Pacifica shall not be denied or abridged. Congress may levy additional requirements on the secession of a state with a three-fourths vote of both houses. Congress shall have the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.

ARTICLE XXI

SECTION. 1.

The Congress, whenever two-thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution; or, on the application of the Legislatures of a simple majority of the several States, or upon referendum or initiative [or both] to convene a delegation on and for their behalf, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in all cases, shall be valid to all intents and purposes as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourths of the several States, or by three-fourths in General Elections by the Citizens in three-fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification which shall occur, however, a state or person can rescind their ratification so long as it or they do/es so before the amendment process has been completed; Provided that no Amendment passed which may be made prior to eighteen years from the date of ratification of this Constitution; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate nor shall a State’s method of electing Senators be changed without its consent. A Constitutional Bill proposing an Amendment to this Constitution shall be subject to the power of general veto by the Citizens as expressed in the referendum;

The President, after gaining Election to a third Term in Office, may propose Amendments that, if approved by the House and Senate, shall be placed on the Ballot of each State for Consideration at the next three presidential Elections. If two-thirds of the eligible national electorate or three-fourths of the actual voters, whichever number is higher, approve of the proposal, it shall be considered ratified and shall become a part of this Constitution;

Those eligible to vote throughout the nation shall be able to propose amendments upon signing identically-worded petitions. Such proposals shall be submitted to a national referendum. Should two-thirds of the eligible national electorate or three-fourths of the actual voters, whichever number is higher, approve of the proposal, it shall be considered ratified and added to the Constitution immediately;

The validity of State calls for an Article XXI Constitutional Convention should be determined by the most recent action of the State;

Each Convention must be transparent and not conducted in secret; All Constitution conventions must be made in full view of the public with every word said by every member scrupulously recorded, and using secure electronic means broadcast publicly for all Citizens [to be free] to observe;

Each Convention must be limited to a specific topic;

Only State or Citizens’ resolutions between all of the incorporated Jurisdictions of Pacifica, on a single topic count when determining if a Convention should be called;

The Congress, the President, and the Supreme Court shall not have the right to control a Constitutional Convention nor an Amendment Convention. They can, however, as well as Citizens, express their opinions and recommendations in the process;

Voting at the Convention must be by delegate or Citizen of the Several States, not by State or Un-incorporated Territory;

Representation at the Convention must be based on proportion to population rather than one State, one vote; and delegates should be elected rather than appointed;-And

To be deemed ratified, the results of votes of the legislature or convention in the several States shall be reviewed and verified [though not subject to approval power] by a vote of at least eighteen of a randomly selected grand jury of twenty-four from citizens of that State who are not dependent on public funds for their support; and the reports of all such grand juries shall be reviewed and verified by a unanimous vote of a randomly selected grand jury of twenty-four from citizens of Pacifica who are not dependent on public funds for their support.

SECTION. 2.

The purpose of any constitutional convention is to adopt such a government as shall, in the opinion of the representatives of the people, best conduce to perpetuating [the] freedom, securing [the] safety, and enabling [the] happiness of their constituents, in particular, as well as that of ‘the People’ of the Nation and the several States, within each and every State, in general.

The body of the convention will consist of three delegates from each State, which delegates shall be elected by the people of their State in non-partisan elections.

The delegates shall act as electorate and elect a President Pro Tempore of the convention. The president of the convention shall have the power to direct and/or intervene in the official discussions of the convention as to maintain productivity and efficiency along with timeliness. In addition to their official powers as president, they shall retain the same fundamental powers as all other delegates.

The president [Pro Tempore] of the convention shall appoint a secretary of the convention charged with maintaining detailed records of both the convention materials and of the convention itself.

Each delegate shall be free to form a blueprint, and required to provide explanations [as to the “Why?”], for the amendments and constitutions they propose or sponsor.

The delegates of the convention will be tasked with strenuously scrutinizing the interactions of power in provisions whose meaning or scope may be affected or the projected positive and negative scenarios and futures conceivable by proposed amendments or constitutions. Their inputs regarding the materials of the convention will be subject to open discourse with their fellow delegates and for that of ‘the Public’/the_People.

The People of the several States shall be free to petition the convention for considerations.

All votes cast within the convention shall be kept secret until the conventional meetings adjourn, then they shall be published Publicly in full detail.

The deadline for ratification of any proposed amendment to this Constitution may be extended by a direct vote of the People, conducted in accordance with law. Any proposed amendment that fails to achieve ratification within its designated time period may be reintroduced for consideration and ratification without restriction or prejudice. Only a direct vote of the People to strike down a proposed constitutional amendment prior to its ratification shall prevent its further consideration or ratification. Once ratified, an amendment may only be altered or repealed by the process of amending the Constitution. No legislative or executive authority shall abridge the People’s right to extend ratification deadlines, reconsider unratified amendments, or strike down proposed amendments prior to ratification.

SECTION. 3.

It is on the highest advisement that amendments be entailored and enamoured suitably for incorporation into the Previously existing constitution, unless an amendment repeals the constitution in favor of following another enumeration of civil governmental instrument. To achieve this end, ‘we the People’ encourage the ratification of amendments which themselves are fully incorporated into the constitution, and to re-ratify the entire constitution with such considered amendments incorporated as shall be found to be most suitable/proper, according to the rules for each mode of amending and ratifying such amendments.

SECTION. 4.

The total size of the RAW constitutional text will be capped at a maximum of two times the bytes in length of the ratified original as a text file without markup or scripting/macros/routines, and all markup or scripting/macros/routines added to the text shall only serve augmentative purpose, but not to be construed itself as having effect of law or authority on its own, unless ratified by the Constitutional Convention Delegates or by the People. The total size of all current Federal statutes, measured in bytes of text, shall not exceed that as of three times the constitution byte size cap, and for any act which adds text, an equal quantity of text must be repealed. The total volume of all Federal regulations, shall not exceed six times that of all statutes. For all byte limits, it will be considered of the uncompressed text. Congress shall not adopt more provisions per year than can be adequately heard and decided by jurors in the Pacifican courts within two years of enactment, and if more are adopted, the jurors in the courts shall have authority to summarily strike them. This provision may of course be modified to suit an appropriate need by and through ratification of a constitutional amendment changing such language.

ARTICLE XXII

The Constitution of Pacifica shall enter into force upon the approval of either Conventions of three-fourths of the several States or should by two-thirds of the eligible national electorate or three-fourths of the actual voters, whichever number is higher, so ratifying the same.

The Constitution of Pacifica shall be subject to re-ratification by the people every twenty-four years from its initial date of ratification. If the constitution is not re-ratified, then the same general procedure utilized for preparing and suggesting a constitutional amendment shall apply, except that the process shall NOT be limited to one topic, and shall be completed within two years from the veto of re-ratification date. Within the two-years from the denial of re-ratification, whenever the conventions of the States deems it appropriate [as long as it is on equitable terms], the new constitution shall be put up to a vote for ratification by the People. It will either be ratified, or denied, and if denied, shall be subject to revision, amendment, or completely new synthesis. If the proposed new constitution is denied, then the period for ratification of a new constitution may be extended past the period of two years to the shortest additional period reasonably possible. The old constitution of Pacifica shall be upheld until ratification of the new constitution of Pacifica, upon whereafter the old constitution shall be repealed in favor of the new constitution.

---
---
---

proposed amendments:

James Madison, George Washington, George Mason and Thomas Jefferson all insisted that the Constitution should be updated by future generations. Those sentiments were best expressed by Jefferson, who wrote to Madison that “no society can make a perpetual Constitution. … The Earth belongs always to the living generation. … Every Constitution … naturally expires at the end of 19 years” (the length of a generation in Jefferson’s time).

Most proposed amendments have been integrated, nearly complete now. Only micropatches remain to be discovered and integrated. This document is now superfluous.

-



---

This constitution is subject to line veto by the People or their representatives in order to complete it into an ideal system that meets all of the needs and will of the people. More complex methods may be needed in order to add material to it or amend provisions after line veto.

"Perfection is not attained when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
