The Articles of the Emergency Cabinet of Cascadia Plan
ver. 00.00.01.0

–

1. The Articles of the Emergency Cabinet of Cascadia along with the current draft constitution of Cascadia shall constitute the supreme law of Cascadia until the Articles of the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government of Cascadia enters into force. The Emergency cabinet, and all other members of the public administration, shall comply with the draft constitution of Cascadia “to the maximum extent possible”, only disobeying when it is impractical or impossible to follow due to impairment given the limited resources and capacity of the Emergency Cabinet of Cascadia; Once circumstances enable the proper execution of a previously ignored provision within the draft constitution of Cascadia, it is the responsibility of the Emergency cabinet to immediately commence, and to its best ability maintain, its impartial execution.

2. When the Emergency Cabinet is unable to execute its duties for any reason, their power is automatically granted back upon the People of Cascadia from which it came; The ‘Just Authority’ which is defaulted to the People, serves to empower them to execute all necessary duties usually inherent to the Emergency Cabinet. Their conducted duties shall be done under majority consensus, unless specified elsewise by the draft constitution of Cascadia, through a referndum of the People, where all citizens will be offered an opportunity to register for the vote in which courses of action shall be taken by the People, whom shall operate with the authority of government until the Emergency Cabinet is capable of executing its duties again.

3. Vice positions shall be filled first, and temporary elevation of position is possible if there is no higher position filled, in which case they will temporarily discharge the powers of their previous office, and be incapable of acting in an official capacity under them until they step down. They may step up or down at any time, for example from vice-executive to chief-executive and back again. When the Vice-President or Vice-Gubornor is the only member of the Legislature, they may also exercise powers as a member of the house of representatives until another member enters the house.

4. The Emergency Cabinet of Cascadia shall have the power to grant citizenship of Cascadia to any person whatsoever and to dispose of the land of Cascadia as deemed appropriate.

5. The Emergency Cabinet of Cascadia shall instill the Articles of the Prepatory Committee and Provisional Government of Cascadia whenever it deems appropriate as long as it is on equitable terms.

6. The Emergency cabinet shall prepare a draft of the Constitution of Cascadia which shall be further prepared by the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government, and approved or rejected, which the Committee and Provisional Government shall approve with ‘aye’ or reject with ‘nay’ with a simple majority, on a meeting before the first General Election. After the Preparatory committee has accepted a final draft, it should be presented in front of the people for a simple-majority-rule-based line veto and be recirculated for any final considerations before it is eventually ratified.

7. All Orders and decisions of the Emergency cabinet the States which have been completed or otherwise fulfilled shall remain valid after the Articles of the Committee and Provisional Government as well as after the General Election and the official government of Cascadia enters into force, unless barred by the Constitution after being ratified.

8. The Emergency Cabinet shall disband once the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government is instilled.

9. The Emergency Cabinet shall observe the rules of natural justice.