ARTICLES OF THE Preparatory Committee and PROVISIONAL GOVERNMENT OF THE Sovereign People’s FREE DEMOCRATIC-REPUBLIC OF Cascadia
ver. 00.00.01.0

—

    The Articles of the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government of Cascadia along with the current draft constitution of Cascadia shall constitute the supreme law of Cascadia until the Constitution of the Free Republic of Cascadia enters into force. The Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government, and all other members of the public administration, shall comply with the draft constitution of Cascadia “to the maximum extent possible”, only disobeying when it is impractical or impossible to follow due to impairment given the limited resources and capacity of the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government of Cascadia; Once circumstances enable the proper execution of a previously ignored provision within the draft constitution of Cascadia, it is the responsibility of the the Preparatory Committee and Provisional Government to immediately commence, and to its best ability maintain, its impartial execution.
    The Preparatory Committee, hereinafter “the Committee”, and the Provisional Government shall be the only body/ies responsible for the establishment and management of Cascadia until the Congress is sworn in following the first General Election.
    When the Provisional Government is unable to execute its duties for any reason, their power is automatically shared back upon the People of Cascadia from which it came; The ‘Just Authority’ which is defaulted to the People, serves to empower them to execute all necessary duties usually inherent to the Provisional Government. Their conducted duties shall be done under majority consensus, unless specified elsewise by the draft constitution of Cascadia, through a referndum of the People, where all citizens will be offered an opportunity to register for the vote in which courses of action shall be taken by the People, whom shall operate with the authority of government until the Provisional Government is capable of executing its duties again.
    The Committee shall consist of thirty-six Individuals who shall be elected by the People of Cascadia with a single transferable vote using the Droop quota.
    The Committee shall pass laws for the Free Republic of Cascadia by a simple majority.
    The Consuls shall execute the laws passed by the Committee on its behalf.
    Three Consuls shall be elected by the Committee of Cascadia with a single transferable vote using the Droop quota.
    The Provisional Government shall be chaired by the [executive] Consuls of Cascadia (elected by the Committee) who shall be responsible for the work of the Provisional Government and shall represent Cascadia in its relations with other entities.
    The Consuls may veto each other’s official decisions and actions.
    The Consuls may appoint and dismiss the Vice-Consuls of Cascadia and Ministers of the Provisional Government.
    The Consuls shall delegate special tasks to Vice-Consuls and departmental work to appropriate Ministers.
    The Committee and Provisional Government shall be bound by the contracts it enters into.
    The Consuls shall grant citizenship of Cascadia.
    The Committee shall appoint judges which shall exercise the judicial power within the territory of the Free Republic of Cascadia.
    The Committee and Provisional Government will establish the boundaries and preliminary facilities of the several States.
    The Committee Provisional Government shall have all the powers it deems appropriate for the promotion and protection of the nation of Cascadia until the Congress is sworn in following the first General Election, including, but not limited to, the power to grant citizenship of the Free Republic of Cascadia to any person whatsoever and to dispose of the land of the Free Republic of Cascadia as deemed appropriate.
    The Consuls, Vice-Consuls and the appointed Ministers may issue Orders which shall legally bind the Committee and Provisional Government and any Person finding him or herself within jurisdiction of Cascadia.
    All Orders of continuous application shall remain binding after the first General Election in so far as they do not contravene the Constitution of Cascadia or their operation is terminated or altered by an Act of the Congress passed in accordance with the Constitution of the Free Republic of Cascadia.
    All Orders and decisions of the Consuls, Vice-Consuls and the appointed Ministers which have been completed or otherwise fulfilled shall remain valid after the General Election.
    The Committee and Provisional Government shall call the first General Election whenever it deems appropriate as long as it is on equitable terms.
    The Committee and Provisional Government shall prepare a draft of the Constitution of Cascadia which shall be approved or rejected in draft form, which Committee and Provisional Government shall approve with ‘aye’ or reject with ‘nay’ with a simple majority, on a meeting before the first General Election.
    After the draft is completed, it shall be presented to the people for their review and potential line veto. Any item that is line vetoed 50% or more of the time shall be immediately removed from the draft and it shall be reconsidered by the committee and repaired/restructured if necessary before being resubmitted in front of the People (as in "we the People") for theit consideration before a final vote. This process shall allow feedback to be delivered from the people to the representatives in the Preparatory Committee.
    The Provisional Government shall disband once the draft of the Constitution is officially ratified and Congress is sworn in following the first General Election, or, should such draft be rejected, once another form of Government is established.
    The Provisional Government shall observe the rules of natural justice.